I had never heard this before either, so I looked it up. This story is from the . It’s not considered biblically canon and has many themes and stories that conflict with the Jesus of the canonical Bible.
Except there are plenty of parts of the Bible that explicitly say not to discriminate, especially the New Testament. The whole parable of The Good Samaritan isn't notable because someone stopped to help, but because Samaritans were looked down on as a group and ostracized, and yet they still helped because it was the right thing to do.
>You have heard that it was said, ‘Love your neighbor and hate your enemy.’ 44 But I tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, 45 that you may be children of your Father in heaven. He causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous. 46 If you love those who love you, what reward will you get? Are not even the tax collectors doing that? 47 And if you greet only your own people, what are you doing more than others? Do not even pagans do that? 48 Be perfect, therefore, as your heavenly Father is perfect.
The New Covenant (Jesus, etc) was just that: a new covenant (aka contract). It was a renegotiation of the original one with updated rules and membership requirements. (There apparently was a prophecy in the Old Testament predicting it, but it's a bit of an ass-pull retcon).
Secondly, a lot of the "ultimate power, created Heaven and Earth, yadda yadda yadda" stuff is at odds with the actual rest of the Bible. For example, The Lord (supposedly) creates Adam and Eve, the first humans. They have two children, Cain and Abel. Cain kills Abel and is cast out of Eden, so he goes to live with the people east of Eden in the land of Nod. What's that? If there are only 3 people in existence at this point, how does he go live with other people? Later, Adam and Eve have more sons, and they take wives from the land of Nod as well. Additionally, there are other gods mentioned in the Bible who have similar powers to The Lord.
Almost like, to religious people, the Bible and God is whatever they need it to be to justify their actions.