An invasion of Taiwan isn't even possible anytime soon. It would take years for China to build a proper fleet for an amphibious assault. It would take years for them to wear down the islands defenses enough with missile bombardment, considering much of Taiwans military infrastructure is underground. They would lose most of the industry of the island, and many ships to mines. Submarines, and more even if the US didn't get involved. They would likely lose enough soldiers to severely hurt public opinion at home. Even if there were no direct military intervention, sanctions would cripple china's already teetering economy. Unlike Russia, China can't produce enough materials to power itself. Unlike Russia, China can't feed itself.
That's because CCP talks about how they could invade and retake Taiwan if they wanted, but prefer an amicable resolution.
Rather, you should try to think about what your enemies could do - could China launch an invasion of Taiwan even though they are not by any means prepared? They sure could.
They just about can. They've made a priority of increasing production of staple crops in recent years. On The Economist's they rank 25th in the world (the United States is 13th). Russia would be more than happy to help make up any potential shortfall.
People said the same about Russia's war. A year into it and 100,000 soldiers down, there's no indication that public sentiment has changed in any meaningful way, and certainly nothing like an organized resistance.
I don't think military action is by any means imminent or inevitable, but I do think your analysis is flawed.
This is really only part of the story. Western experts generally agree that Xi Jinping is something of a true believer; when he talks about the Century of Humiliation and China's need to right the historic indignities it has suffered, it's not just nationalistic rhetoric to shore up domestic support. It's his deeply felt personal sentiment. If you look at Taiwan through a Western geopolitical lens you're missing a whole lot. From a purely pragmatic standpoint, it may seem obvious that taking Taiwan by force would be more trouble than it would be worth for China. But that may not matter. It was obvious to everyone that a war with Ukraine would be a disaster for Russia, but that didn't stop Putin.
After seeing the screw up that is Russias invasion of Ukraine, they would be catastrophically stupid to do anything to Taiwan.