Which is still a weird thing for Republicans to attack him about. There are only 4 years between Trump and Biden. Next election, Trump will be as old as Biden was at the last one.
If he makes it a full term, great, the new VP can then be the nominee for 2028. But he can't just ignore people's concerns about it.
Honestly, the problem isn't him, it's Harris. She's not pulling any weight as VP and has proven to be a mistake. Biden needs to replace her as VP in 2024 with a strong candidate that can potentially act as his successor if and when the time comes.
The better than expected results from this midterm isn't because of Biden and people being in love with his leadership and Democrats and Biden would be wise to recognize that.
A lot to read but my takeaway is that the Republican poor showing wasn't because of Biden's leadership driving things since we have the exit polling stating most wouldn't care for Biden to run in 2024 and even the majority of Democrats only staying the somewhat approve of his leadership, rather it's threats to abortion from the regressive party was the driving force.
For the progressives who resent Washinon’s lack of action on major issues, which I’m one of by the way, the answer right now isn’t to primary Biden - it’s to continue taking over Congress and state politics. Vote blue, vote for a strong progressive caucus, and send Biden the bills we need for change. Make sure we are present in the Senate should a vacancy appear in the Supreme Court. In the meantime, safeguard our states against SCOTUS fuckery with blue legislatures, governors, and attorneys general, and fight for independent districting committees and ranked choice voting.
Trump is simply too profitable to be ignored, and for once, that might actually benefit us. In fact, it seems to have already helped us this election cycle.
Something else to consider, too: the media's obsession with Trump will probably artificially escalate his feud with DeSantis and make things even more difficult for him.