Normally you don’t writhe in pain from inflammatory conditions like appendicitis – you lie as still as possible as any movement of the inflamed organ increases the pain.
Anyways, to be particular to this story, the hallmark sign of appendicitis is right lower quadrant abdominal pain/tenderness, or to he particular pain that is lower and to the right of the bellybutton that gets worse with pushing. I can't tell whether the triage nurse failed to identify this, but if it was present then the patient should have at least received a stat CT scan after verifying she wasn't pregnant, even if she still had to wait to see an MD. Sometimes a skilled triage nurse can discover or rule out life threatening problems to expedite care or ensure that the patients who do wait are safe.
Work ER, abdominal pain is one of the worst complaints that you can have- you basically get put in a general slush of patients (something like 30 percent of ER patients are women with abdominal pain who will be discharged with NO treatment necessary.).
Huh. Mom got appendicitis and went septic. Hospitalized for a week. I should ask how much of that was her own stubbornness, vs. the hospital not taking her seriously in time. .
Shit like this is what scares me. Whether I notice signs of an impending heart attack is my lookout, but whether I'll be taken seriously if I go to the ER with it...
My accident was away from home, my knee was shattered in pieces, and my husband had to keep prodding the ER doctors to give me something for the pain.
I got 1/2 mg Dilaudid. Was not sufficient. They wouldn't budge, even though surgery was the next day. My husband and I were within ten lbs of each other, weight-wise. Standard starting-off dose is 1 mg. If they decided to start off lower, I can respect professional judgment there. But refusing to top off to standard dose (or anything else!) while I'm still in a heap of pain? In THIS case? WTF...
A few years back, both my husband and I had serious cycling accidents (different years). We have a well-known hospital nearby- went there and as soon as my husband was out of the ambulance- 1 mg Dilaudid. Off he went on a cloud of thinking he was the wittiest person in the hospital.