>These factors have compounded their worries about Democrats outside Florida all but writing off the nation’s third most populous state, which was once seen as a marquee battleground. Democrats have struggled there in recent elections, hitting a new low last fall when Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis won a second term by nearly 20 points and carried majority-Hispanic Miami-Dade County, which a GOP gubernatorial nominee hadn’t done in 20 years. Republicans also secured a supermajority in the state legislature.
Republicans have been securing supermajorities it various state legislatures because of rampant, unrelenting gerrymandering which the shit heels on the bench have been only all too happy to allow to continue unabated. FFS just look at Wisconsin- Democrats comprise a slim but very real plurality of voters yet it’s the GOP who holds 60% + of legislative seats. Fuck the the Republicans and fuck all those who are complicit in allowing them to trample roughshod over our democracy.
Florida is a ripe place for democrats to make their mark and it would infuriate der furher trump and his adversary desantis to allow any democratic gain. It is wholly possible but the Democratic Party has to go left way left in Florida. A loser idiot like Crist who use to be a Republican and who tried having a Latina on his ticket is not the way. Democrats have to not just push aside the old guard they have to push them off the cliff, the promise and the feldsteins and schemers of the party are destroying any chance of pushing anything through. It’s easy to blame Manchin and sinema but in reality it’s the old moderate guard who stifle progressives which lose elections. We need a real revolution in the Democratic Party that will purge the old and invigorate a base who is pissed off about the repeal of roe vs wade, bored with old man Biden and who refuse to be appeased by token person of color Harris. We’re not that stupid we know none of these people are actually progressives and it’s only when they do something halfway progressive they actually get any notice. Stop electing this democrats in name only and put us the real democrats who want to progress to a better future and put the Tim Kaines and clintons in the senior homes where they belong!
I'm tired of this bullshit from progressives when centrist Democrat (not talking about Manchin) policies have gotten plenty done. The stimulus and enhanced unemployment during the pandemic helped me a ton, and it wouldn't have happened if Reps held the house. We also finally got an infrastructure bill through that our country sorely needs.
Here in Illinois we've seen legalized weed and a rising minimum wage, and our state isn't exactly flush in progressives.
Just because everything you want isn't delivered in two years doesn't mean nothing is getting done. Run better races in primaries if you want progressive candidates, but centrist Democrats offer a far better option than Republicans.