In a total of 122 UN resolutions involving Israel, Ukraine voted against Israel in 95 of the resolutions and abstained in 27 of them. It did not vote in favor of Israel even once.
Religious Zionist MK Simcha Rothman took issue with Zelensky’s reference to Ukrainians who saved Jews and tweeted: “I don’t understand Ukrainian, but if the translation I heard is accurate, Zelensky asked us to treat the Ukrainians like they treated us 80 years ago. I’m sorry, but I think we will have to reject that request. We are, after all, a moral nation.”.
Somebody will argue that was years ago but unfortunately Instead of teaching new generation about terrible past Ukrainian government proclaimed past Nazi collaborators as a national heroes.
Also the past is important, babi yar was 80 years ago, most survivors are still alive and thier children are all alive , to ignore what Ukraine did to us is stupid, cause they killed 150k Jews in WW2 alone, and almost a million in the 20th century Alone , we said never forget and never forgive, and we stick by our promise to our ancestors.
And saying that the massacres they committed against us are unrealvent is just disrespectful, my family got killed because of the Ukrainians in WW2 and my grandma lost her entire family because of them either way Ukraine is against Israel.
Also last century stuff? Ukraine literally never voted for Israel security in the un they even voted to disarm Israel from it's nukes last week, if they want our support they have to support us too.
Your not Israeli , you don't know anything about us or our interests as you shown in your comment, it's in your interest that we support Ukraine, not in ours.
You can talk but you can't claim what's in the intrest of a country if you're not a part of that country, if I said it's in Ukraine best interest to surrender it's bulshit like you said Israel's best interest is to help Ukraine.
Israel and Ukraine have almost no good relations in the international stage , Ukraine never voted for Israel in the un and even last week voted for Israel being disarmed, Israel can handle Iran without helping Ukraine, but Ukraine just singles out Israel for help when half of NATO don't help them.
What Israel would gain in aligning with the west against Russia is increased unity and goodwill, and Israel has been losing goodwill internationally for a long time (deserved or not).
And i still feel breaking Russia would weaken Israels enemies while giving Israel a more free hand to defend their interests in their neighbourhood.
Its in Israels interest to strenghten Iran by allowing their alliance with Russia to solidify even more?
Is it delusional to think a strong Iran with alot stronger backing from Russia would be bad for Israel?
If Iran helps Russia get a win do you honestly think this wont have any effects on the current situation in Syria?
If Russia is broken in Ukraine they could lose their ability to prop up the anti Israel regime in Syria nor could they increase cooperation with Iran.
If Russia crumbles and fall, Iran would lose its biggest and most important ally (Putin might be overthrown) This could lead to free reigns in the region for Israel to confront Iran and their proxies without needing to cooperate with Russia. Russia helping to prop up Syria and Iran who both are anti Israel is not in Israels interest.
Russia is already against Israel on Syria and Iran and if Iran helps them get better terms in Ukraine, Russia would be beholden to aid Iran much more in return in Syria and elsewhere. Not to mention the chance that Putin might be desperate enough to aid Irans nuclear programme.
Russia stated openly that they would support Iran with nukes if we intervine, so by your logic we should make them absolutely on the side of Iran instead of taking the chance they help them?
If Putin gives nukes to Iran to punish Israel for sending aid this would be bad for sure, i have no problem understanding this fear (plese link this threat) But Russia giving Iran satelites and more support after the war could mean increased tensions with Israel that would only increase as they rebuild strenght.
This trajectory is not bound to change any time soon since both are natural allies due to their hostility towards the west and not doing anything leaves Israel with a possible nuclear Iran.
This trajectory is not bound to change any time soon since both are natural allies due to their hostility towards the west and not doing anything leaves Israel with a possible nuclear Iran.
If Russia is broken as a power they will cease to be a powerfactor in Israels neighbourhood and maybe if they change regime the new one would be more friendly to democracy and the west.
If Russian defeat leads to regime change this new regime could be more pro west and unable to mess in Israels backyard.
So taking a stand against the new axis of evil where Iran, Israels mortal enemy, is a central actor is not a reason to aid Ukraine? Because Ukraine hurt their feelings?
My country has nothing to gain from Ukraine, we border Russia and they are pissed at us for our support to Ukraine. And we have reccord energy prices in a country that is frozen during winter and alot of us use electricity for heating. I cant burn wood to heat my place, i have heating cables in all my floors. My eletricbill is way higher.