It's not really pain-free, though, as people really like their gas cooktops. The emissions improvement will be a rounding error, as you say. There's no gain at all in switching from a natural gas stove to an electric stove powered by a natural gas power plant. And then you have the emissions of making, shipping and installing new stoves. So, a short term loss, to be made up in places served by solar and hydro and such which should improve over time. All told, any actual emissions reduction will take many many years.
The real improvement here is a safety improvement, in reducing the toxic gases within our homes. Nobody wants asthma.
The most painless way to do it is to start by banning gas ovens. No one has a problem with electric ovens; they work just fine and arguably better than gas. Start there. Once your oven is electric you've got the hookup for an electric cooktop in the future...
I think that gradually phasing in new stoves as electric ones is a good idea. If you’re going to electrify your oven, might as well do the stove while you’re at it. Even if you are using gas fired power plants for electricity (which is by no means guaranteed especially as time passes), there would still be the thermodynamic advantages that come from combusting gas on a larger scale. A long tailpipe, but still a narrower one nonetheless, and those rounding errors will add up over time.
I lived in a deathtrap of a building with horrible ventilation, no insulation (and lath-and-plaster walls), gas space heaters (only source of heat), gas stoves, and gas ovens. I absolutely hated that oven and avoided using it as much as possible. Even then, I put fans in the windows to have a continuous supply of fresh air. Nobody else in the building seemed to be doing that, though. I shudder to think of the air the other tenants were breathing in there. Gas ovens definitely need to go.
The real issue is gas stoves and ovens that need to be cleaned and homes with bad ventilation. Usually older homes. Your kitchen hood over your stove should be on venting to the outside.
Gas stoves are everywhere, the older an area the more common they are. The last apartments I've had in Boston were gas, I think one unit maybe doesn't? They've often been a selling point for people who like to cook as heat control can be a lot better than the older electrics, tossing a wok on the electrics isn't easy and you don't have to worry about whether your own will work. The ovens often get hotter, with the downside that they have to vent so heat up the kitchen much more.