Similar thinking to “don’t work on Shabbat” turning into “you can’t carry anything from one place to another on Shabbat.” “Or “don’t take The Lord’s name in vain” to “if you say at all, for any reason, we’re stoning you.”.
As I did in another comment, I just want to add some nuance here - the law isn’t “don’t work on Shabbat.” It’s, “don’t engage in the following 39 melachot on Shabbat.” Those are specific acts of work that were done building the tabernacle. Carrying is just plainly one of them, no interpretation needed.
I think a lot of people get confused and don’t understand how Jews arrive at these seemingly strange interpretations of what seem like simple rules. I think it comes from most people not knowing that there are two Torahs, both of which are held as equally important: the written Torah, which most people know as the Old Testament, and the oral Torah (now also, confusingly, written down), which prescribes the majority of Jewish law. You can’t have one without the other.
You’re right, but I think the end of your comment is a bit confusing and I wanted to clarify: chicken is not “meat” to the rabbis, as it is under a different halachic category (I think). Thus, it is not strictly prohibited from being mixed with milk. However, the “fence” around the Torah in this case is prohibiting chicken and dairy despite its legality because of the ease of which it could be confused with a different dish that WOULD violate that prohibition. The fence is fencing off an otherwise legal thing to prevent the accidental violation of kashrut. So to sum up: chicken and dairy is theoretically fine under Torah law. However, it is prohibited under rabbinic law to prevent the violation of other Torah law.
Kosher laws exist to "build a hedge around the Torah." So that even if you make a mistake, or cheat a little, you still won't do the really prohibited thing. Chicken is considered meat and must be kept separate from dairy. Fish has its own rules...
If you have a minute, maybe you could add the fish rules. I fully admit I don't know them, at least not well enough to explain. I only know you can have gefilte fish before brisket, (but not after?) and lox with cream cheese, yet it's not parve.