You understand the title correctly, it could be improved with "provide a Western armoured vehicle" capable of destroying Russian tanks. "Western-designed" would be even better.
Edit: I actually went to the effort of downloading a PDF of the actual treaty, and I was wrong: the AMX-10RC is not a battle tank. Listed in Section 1, Clause 2.C of the Protocol On Existing Types Of Conventional Armaments And Equipment of the (page 25), the AMX-10RC is described as a Heavy Armament Combat Vehicle, not a Battle Tank.
Just an additional note - the AMX 10RC is not technically classified as a tank, it is an armored fighting vehicle that was mainly used for reconnaissance. It’s not as heavily armored as a MBT, is wheeled, but does have a 105mm main gun. I would bet that they Ukrainians will continue using these in an armored reconnaissance role and for fire support, and not to line up against Russian MBTs.
Pedantics aside, it was used in a recon role and isn’t meant to square off against MBTs. Very capable vehicles that I’m sure the Ukrainians will put to good use but not meant to replace Ukrainian MBTs or slot into that role.
While other nations have already supplied vehicles to Ukraine, they were ones that were either unchanged Soviet designs or were upgraded variants.
Yes other nations, namely the former Warsaw Pact/ComBloc nations sent vehicles to Ukraine, but they were of Soviet designs, which weren't designed with the intent of fighting other Soviet designed vehicles.
NATO and Soviet designs weren't made with the intent of fighting vehicles similar to themselves. NATO nations designed their vehicles with the intent of fighting Soviet designs, and the Soviets designed theirs to fight NATO's.
With the AMX-10RC, it is the first armored vehicle designed with the intent of fighting Soviet designs.
Except the AMX-10RC is in this particular case far less protected than the old Soviet tanks that were sent. The AMX-10RC is a recon vehicle that can at best take what, 14.5mm?
Yes, the 10RC is a far lighter vehicle than something like the T-72. However the Ukrainian government is certainly not oblivious to the fact and will use the with that knowledge in mind.