Human rights is the answer. You just brushed over it like it’s some nebulous thing that hasn’t been defined but that’s just not true. Human rights and freedom of choice are the difference. I’m not arguing that western capitalistic societies are 100% free and have no coercion, but compared to the conservative theocratic and or totalitarian nations of the world western countries generally have much more freedom of choice for how one lives their lives.
All that does is push the issue back a further step; freedom of choice as a moral value is an extremely novel concept when considered within the grander scope of human history, and we can't simply assume that it should be obvious to everyone that such freedom of choice is good for societies and individuals. There are plenty of arguments that have been made which purport to show how such freedom of choice in fact results in the discordance and erosion of social structures.
Edit; I should also mention the further argument that the western ideal of free choice tends to be a game of smoke and mirrors more than genuine freedom anyway. Is my choice between 12 different kinds of toothpaste at a store really freedom? Is my choice to paint my nails one of a hundred different colors really freedom? Where is the freedom when most people are shoved into one of a number of slight variations of what is essentially the exact same way of life, conditioned by the realities of post-industrial techno-capitalism? Is my freedom to make monthly rent and car payments by sitting at a desk for most of my waking hours a freedom worth fighting and dying for?
The west can't even ask itself questions about what meta-cultural human values might be, or what basis we might have for even believing such values could have validity, bc the west has essentially abandoned the concept of genuinely real moral objects, even though we operate under the unspoken assumption that such moral objects do indeed exist.
My point is that you can't simply assume that the fundamental values which you take for granted will be taken for granted by everyone, and if such values are expected to transcend cultural differences, then there needs to be very strong arguments as to why and how that can be the case.
If it is, then that's a very strong claim which needs to be supported by very strong arguments which western liberalism consistently fails to produce due to its fundamental assumptions being supported by nothing more than chauvinistic convictions.