It's not just the equipment itself you need to worry about when you provide systems like the Abrams. The big problem is the significant logistical issues of keeping the Abrams functional.
The US had the money, and time, to build up a huge amount of logistical personnel, equipment, depots, etc, all over the world to support these drawbacks of the Abrams. (and the reserve numbers to 'fill in' for equipment being serviced).
The bigger thing I think abrams are not super reliable, as a layman understands reliable. The parts, engine included, wear quickly and need service often, in order to be reliable in combat. There are logistical elements of the US military that are built entirely around being able to very quickly diagnose and swap things in (like the engine swap is supposedly pretty quick), but I think that is highly dependent on a LOT of specialized equipment and being able to get it to the tank, or the tank to it, to service, and knowing fast what level of service it needs. (US support guys aren't going to be in country, and it is VERY VERY long distance to tow a nonfunctional tank from the frontline to border of poland).
Training the tankers is I think overstated (in effort related to everything else), actual combat is a small percentage of what keeps a war going well. It is the monumental amount of logistics going on in the backend, and tanks are right up there in most demanding equipment.
So they would need a duplicate, even larger, support train of personnel, space, moving equipment, specialized parts, dedicated to only abrams tanks and incompatible with what they already have. That is a lot for any country to handle, their mechanics can't just go oh yea, bring it into the shop I'll fix it, they need a whole different shop, different tools, different knowledge base, different supplier, and be equally near the front(as an IT guy I have tons of spare misc parts of windows PC's, but put an Apple in front of me and GL, I generally have an idea of what everything is but I have no spares, don't know most likely failure parts, nor do I have any proprietary tools to do anything with it).