There’s a deep psychological discussion to be had here but I think at the root of it, constant social media feedback messes with our brains’ reward centers and some people crave it more than other. It’s just another form of the patient constantly pushing the morphine button.
I don’t understand how taking a phone out during class could be tolerated at any level. This would be like kids taking a Gameboy out back when I was in primary school; it would have been unthinkable. I get that teachers cannot physically take the phones but there is no way it should be allowed (policies like ISS unless it was a validated emergency or something).
Same here. I cannot imagine the distraction that modern cell phones would bring into classrooms. It’s already hard enough to concentrate and pay attention in gradeschool, but to have a device like a cell phone that you could discreetly look at and use to record, they never should be allowed out.
Maybe it’s just the quality of your students then because there’s a bunch of responsible students and children that have cell phones in school with no issues.
I think you’re right that given the choice of paying attention in school or scrolling social media on a phone, most kids would prefer to be on their phone.
I can see from many of the comments that people have no understanding of the struggle faced by teachers with regard to student phone usage. Imagine planning and delivering an engaging lesson and getting zero engagement and zero participation. Imagine looking out over your class and seeing nothing but the tops of heads. When they aren’t scrolling tiktok, they are spontaneously interrupting the lesson to stage a group tiktok dance or begin a beef via group text. Eighth graders, en masse, reading at a first grade level. They are not using the WWW to discover fascinating information about the world around them, they are watching hard core porn at 12. They can’t read, they can’t write; anything beyond 30 seconds bores them. Prepare yourselves for a wave of students entering the work force as functional illiterates with the attention span of a flea. We have lkmited phones with some success but this is another kind of pandemic and we will all be feeling the repercussions of this, mark my words.