“More important, it would be uncharacteristic for Trump to allow his grudges to get in the way of his clear self-interest.”.
Trump cares only about Trump, his ego will not allow him to go quietly and they know pardoning him will not stop him from continuing his behavior. They let him off on Jan 6, and he has not stopped his behavior. They can no longer let him get in their way. Trump continues to do these things because there were no consequences and he's counting on them to back down. Meanwhile the GOP is wasting millions on him. They cannot continue to bankroll him and it's unlikely that those who calculate their control over the map will continue to allow Trump to get in their way.
I disagree, the longer term outcomes is that their base isn't large enough for them to win elections, they need independents. Pardoning Trump will not prevent him from continuing to be a thorn in the GOP's side. If he's in jail and no longer able to have access to his "base", he can't send them emails, he can't stir them up and they will move on past him to someone else. If he's still a thorn in their side, he will continue to back candidates that are unelectable in general elections. He will continue to cause problems to the GOP itself. They will pretend to help him but Kemp can claim that he can't pardon Trump without looking partisan. If Trump no longer has access to his megaphone he can't pressure anyone and the party can move on past him. As to New York, it's his organization and his money that is in trouble there. He has not been "trapped" as of yet but it remains to be seen if they will find further evidence of his involvement. It's possible he can be brought up on charges but it's also possible they will not be able to go directly after him. They might only be able to hit the organization. I'm not certain if he's running an LLC or something else and that distinction could prevent them from directly coming after him.
When you go through the long documented history of Trump, you will discover he cannot admit he's lost. He will absolutely fill courts full of insane amounts of lawsuits in an attempt to make it too frustrating to deal with him (he's used this tactic since the 80's). He does not believe rules apply to him and he will absolutely sow doubt and attempt to torpedo anything that stands between him and his absolute "need" to be a "winner". It's a compulsion, and pretending that he will do anything less is ignoring everything he's ever done.
Donald Trump does not think strategically. In every single case he undermines anyone who "beats" him. He wouldn't endorse DeSantis, he'd launch a third party bid, raise a bunch of funds and burn the GOP to the ground. He is absolutely incapable of stepping back from the spotlight even when it's to his own benefit. He'll also likely sue the GOP in an attempt to "prove" he didn't lose. He'll claim DeSantis cheated, just as he did when Ted Cruz beat him. He will lash out and claim DeSantis is part of the "Deep State" trying to "take him down". Anyone thinking he will do anything gracefully has not paid any attention to his past behavior over the years and years of documentation that we have.
You are under the impression that Trump can control his malignant narcissism long enough to get himself out of this. Donald Trump cares more about his ego, than he does about being strategic. He is incapable of trusting DeSantis to be capable of saving him, because he doesn't believe DeSantis is loyal to him. He will launch a third party bid and try to sow doubt about his loss in the primaries. He will not endorse DeSantis because then he'd have to admit he lost. He cannot do that. So he will call DeSantis a cheater and torpedo everything in an attempt to avoid admitting he's lost.
Donald Trump cannot separate himself from his "brand" he's incapable of that, so going after his company is an extension of himself. He will continue to unleash lawsuits to try to make it as frustrating as possible or to overwhelm the system, as he's done previously. That doesn't mean it will work but he's been using the same trick for years, it's unlikely he'll stop now. As for Kemp, that depends entirely on whether or not the GOP would like to see Trump removed as a threat for the party. If it serves the party interests to have him in jail, rather than torpedoing the party... He may not pardon him.