I feel like I'm missing something here, but I don't think I am - this argument is confusing the NPVIC effort with the inherent drawbacks of first past the post voting.
NPVIC says that the popular vote winner has votes cast in the electoral college by the majority of those votes, thus ensuring the popular vote winner will actually win. This eliminates the electoral college and results in a popular vote winner (PROGRESS).
With current statewide winner-take-all laws, a presidential candidate could lose despite winning 78%+ of the popular vote and 38 smaller states.
But, the political reality is that the 12 largest states, with a majority of the U.S. population and electoral votes, rarely agree on any political candidate. In 2016, among the 12 largest states: 7 voted Republican (Texas, Florida, Ohio, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Georgia) and 5 voted Democratic (California, New York, Illinois, New Jersey, and Virginia). The big states are just about as closely divided as the rest of the country. For example, among the four largest states, the two largest Republican states (Texas and Florida) generated a total margin of 2.1 million votes for Bush, while the two largest Democratic states generated a total margin of 2.1 million votes for Kerry.
With the current state-by-state winner-take-all system of awarding electoral votes (not mentioned in the U.S. Constitution, but later enacted by 48 states), it could only take winning a bare plurality of popular votes in only the 12 most populous states, containing 60% of the population of the United States, for a candidate to win the Presidency with less than 22% of the nation's votes!
With that in mind, if enough of the states who signed onto the Compact were Trump supporting states he could, in theory, win ALL the electoral votes of the states in the Compact (which would make him the winner of the election overall).
TL;DR: The National Popular Vote Interstate Compact (NPVIC) says the person with the most votes should get the electoral votes. The issue with that is it's simply a plurality, not a majority. In theory, someone could win with only 15% of the vote (obviously in the extreme case, not necessarily realistic).