Rights to vote, or work, or abortion, or freedom to wear what they want and study and live where they want or not get married if they don’t want to? Those are all still present. You’re talking about domestic abuse decriminalisation, presumably. Please give me more examples. Dude, I grew up in Russia. And just like men, Russian women have too lived through centuries of crises and it will take more than what is going on now to make them storm Moscow. And for all our sakes I hope it doesn’t come to that. I’ve seen what an enraged Russian woman is capable of. A cornered Russian woman with nothing to lose? It ain’t pretty. And they still have things to lose.
It’s not just about being arrested. CPS comes to you to find any tiniest reason to take away your kids. You can also lose your job, and they can find something else to pin onto you like planted drugs. If They try to fight police and riot, police will open fire. Even Yeltsin shelled the crap out of a democratically elected parliament and that was “free” Russia. And and seeing how 4 revolutions, years of protesting and many other crises ended up, people don’t want to throw their lives away only to be living under new management.
Not saying people should just sit back and let violent regime takes control but sometimes there is just nothing else people can do except to bid their time and wait for favorable circumstances to arise. I think such time may come soon for the Russian citizen to overthrow Putin.
And Iran government has no problem of torturing and killing them. So the citizens of an violent regime has some sort of moral obligation to risk their lives and protest? Easy for you to say when you aren’t the one risking your lives. self preservation is a human right. Not to mention protest in non democratic country seldomly amount to anything at all without external help.
They show public support because it avoids drawing attention, bad things happen to people who don't support the regime. There are Russian civilians resisting via sabotage, those people don't want to draw any undue attention and probably "support" Putin to stay under the radar.
I agree that the problem is larger than just Putin, but I also think that it's unreasonable to ask people to go out and protest so long as the security forces are loyal to Putin. Things have to get worse before they can get better, the systems they built to specifically counter the standard western methods of changing government policy need to atrophy before those standard methods would accomplish anything.