In 2016, Trump held accounts in China, Ireland, the United Kingdom and Saint Martin, according to CNN. He again listed the first three the following year, and only the U.K. in 2018 and 2020.In 2016, Trump held accounts in China, Ireland, the United Kingdom and Saint Martin, according to CNN. He again listed the first three the following year, and only the U.K. in 2018 and 2020.
"Trump had bank accounts in China while he was in office until 2018," Goldman wrote in a tweet. "Generally, you only have bank accounts in a foreign country if you are doing transactions in that country's currency. What business was Trump doing in China while he was President?".
Yep. And it's not as simple as just paying. Need to have citizenship somewhere else first (something I'm working on in Peru but not because I want to renounce), go through a whole process of interviews and crap, and be treated suspiciously by US border agents any time you want to come back just to visit.
The US is actually one of the only countries where citizens have to pay taxes regardless if they made their money outside the US. I am a US citizen living and working in South America. I visit family in the US once per year and otherwise don't use any US infrastructure, services, Healthcare, etc, etc. The only thing the US gives me is a passport and a vote. I work for a Peruvian company. The US takes taxes from me every year anyway. Yes, I can claim a write-off for some of it, and I do. That's why that rule exists in the first place. Of course some people exploit it. But I'd just like to reiterate that I owe the US taxes for the rest of my life simply because I was born there. One of the only countries in the world with that bullshit law. I would have to renounce my citizenship to break free of that.
I am considered "non domiciled" in Peru (meaning Peru, while having granted me residency, insists I still "live" somewhere else). I am taxed at a flat rate of 30% here (all non-doms are, regardless of income level). My income level is such that I just enter the 35% bracket in the US so I can write off the first 30% that I pay here, the rest I owe to the IRS (32% of a portion of my income, and 35% of a small portion of the rest). It's not a lot, but it still feels like bullshit because I don't use anything those tax dollars pay for. I'm basically a tourist in the US even though I have a US passport and we don't charge tourists income tax.
Oh I'm aware - I am myself a US citizen who has lived abroad and claimed the foreign tax credit for that type of reason. I was simply responding to the other commenter's claim that only a few countries tax global income. That's indeed rare with respect to nonresident citizens (with the US famously on that list), but it is routine in many countries for residents.
True but not relevant to this situation - Trump is a US resident as well as a US citizen, and most countries worldwide tax their residents on worldwide income. The unusual thing the US does is the scenario you described, but that's not Trump's situation.