that's the thing though, they just flat out do not have the numbers. Ukraine is a massive country of 43 million people that they attempted to invade with a force of 190,000. Most western intelligence, including Ukraine itself, dismissed the idea of them invading because you can't take a country of 43 million with an army of 190,000. They're attempting to plug the hole with waves of increasingly ill equipped conscripts but the numbers have never been enough. even in the scenario where Ukraine received 0 help from anyone they'd be on the losing end of a bloody guerilla war. none of this would be without massive losses from Ukraine but it's simply numerically unwinnable for Russia.
We can't get those people back and the side effect of this awful war is that even in losing, Russia is doing deep rooted and long-term damage to Ukraine and the Ukrainian people. Damage that will take generations to undo.
People also forget that while the Ukrainian army has been trained well by the UK/US for many years and in possession of some NATO equipment, the bulk of the equipment they are using is the same level as the Russians, except there is a lot less of it.
The horrifying reality is that a lot of Ukrainian people are dying on the front lines and the world should wake up and take stronger measures against Russia sooner than later.
I would like to point out that while everyone speculated on Russian casualties (only info we have is from Ukrainian or Russian MoD,) no one considers that Ukrainian casualties can be just as high or higher.
From what I’ve heard from people on the front line, Ukraine is taking so many casualties they are still having to throw troops with weeks of training into intense and complicated front line fighting.
Many foreign legion fighters in Bakhmut have said the Russian soldiers are fighting well, and Ukrainian casualties are massive while Russsian casualties are concentrated on low-quality troops. Meanwhile there are VDV forces and Wagner mercenaries with Tier 1 equipment and ISR equipment integrated with artillery unites. The result being that some foreign legion fighters are saying Russian artillery is more accurate than Ukrainian.