The elderly might fret about this a little. ("Helen We need to restock the bunker There's a radioactive tidal wave gap!").
Hmm. I'm not going to delete my previous comment, but after a bit more though, I may have been reading an in situ engineering analysis of recreating a naturally occurring tsunami.
Oh it's worse than that. The back of napkin math says that at most something like .33% of the energy of a atomic explosion is propagated into a solid hydraulic pressure wave. And that means even a modest 10m wave would require a litte more than a 500,000 kiloton detonation. The tsar bomb, for comparison, has a hypothetical yield of 50,000 kilotons. (Nuclear bombs just don't have the right force over time to make ocean waves.).
Great. We already know that. And using it will get you noting but vaporized. There’s literally no upside for Russia in this situation they’ve stupidly gotten themselves into. The best thing they could do is just pull out of Ukraine with their tail between their legs and hope the world eventually forgets. Either that, or the Russian people need to send Putin and his allies the way of Tsar Nicholas. There are less and less positive paths forward for Russia with Putin in power.
Russia claims they are winning and have all of these amazing capabilities. Russians kind of know some level of bullshit is up, because there always is with their government, but ignoring it and accepting the lies as truth is better then accepting that hundreds of thousands of their countrymen are dead and that their economy is in free fall.
Russian culture is built around the act of lying, and being able to know a lie, and then ignoring the truth because going along with the lie is the more comfortable option. There's a sort of honour in how egregious your lying, and how obvious it is, but you'll still stick to the lie. The article mentions the FSB agents who were caught but still gave interviews to Russia sticking to them just being tourists. Admitting the truth would be seen as weakness, or disrupting the equilibrium that Russians have made for themselves.