Every action DeSantis takes is basically this calculus: "Will this energize Republican voters if Fox News talks about it?".
I get it. I’m afraid of lingering problems from covid too. But I’m under no illusions about post covid symptoms being caused by the vaccine not covid itself. People need to remember what 2020 was like. I know people who still have fatigue and brain fog from that period. Covid is a nasty virus, and it isn’t done with us. We’ve all just trying to live.. the science will catch up, but maybe not in time for us. It’s been like this for all humans across all times and places.
I moved to Tampa Bay after graduating from UF fifteen or so years ago. Some of my friends stayed in Gainesville. My Gainesville friends seem to have no idea what life is like in Florida outside the blue bubble. It’s both funny and concerning. I saw a Dr. Seuss parody bumper sticker here in Tampa yesterday that said “one gun, two gun, red gun, blue gun.” When I showed my Gainesville friend, she was like… I don’t even know what that means??? Haha Well, there are large groups of maladapted, social media addicted loonies. You avoid them when you can.
My wife’s coworker is suffering from long covid despite having been vaccinated. All of us know that that’s a thing. Most of us probably also know these are first generation vaccines and that the tech will improve but there’s going to be a lot of death and suffering before it does. That’s life.
Here’s the plan: Long covid is messing people up, but it’s super inconvenient to acknowledge that a sizable portion of the population can be crippled for a short time or a long time by an air borne disease and that there’s not much we can do about it. That’s scary. But if you tell people all of their lingering symptoms are from the vaccine, not from illness, then people have someone to demonize (“big pharma”, Fauci, liberals, whatever). That energy can be turned into political gain for DeSantis. He’s done it before.
Oh but it is not just him. And it is not just advice. His choice for FL Surgeon General is a total quack MD, raging against masks & vaccines. The person responsible for medical oversight in the state! Legally he has taken direct action as well- preventing nursing homes for restricting visitation during the height of covid. Actively firing school officials that enacted masking protocols. He has been willing & successful to enact legal punitive damage to those that go against him, and his base just eats it up. he is the closest we have ever seen to fascism, and no one seems to care.