This headline is frankly, nonsense. Democrats didn't win because of Biden; we won in spite of Biden and namely due to the major blunders by opposition handed to Democrats on a silver-platter. Huge difference. On the eve of the midterms, Biden was polling 39% with independents, 85% with Democrats (should never be below 90), and 5% with Republicans with an overall aggregate approval of 40-42%. DO NOT falsely believe that this midterm win was because of Biden, it wasn't. It was because Gen Z showed up and were energized about (1) Abortion, (2) Preserving Democracy from election deniers, and (3) Climate Change. Don't rely on such a court decision to be thrown into the lap of Democrats in 2024. You'll need a better candidate that is authentic, charismatic, visionary, and younger — that's what sells in competitive elections for Democrats historically.
- Primaries are not good predictors of who is better at general elections (see 2016 where Bernie was actually pulling more support among Trump supporters than Hillary was). The landscape has already drastically-changed and we're realizing energizing the youth vote is more important than appealing to "Moderates" and republican votes we rarely get in the first place. This means we need high-energy, high-charisma, authentic visionaries. An old white guy who we all fall asleep for during speeches is not that. There's a reason Obama was requested more than Biden for speech stomps in the run-up to the election.
Personally I think we're better off running Biden, which gives the DNC 4 more years to prepare a 2028 candidate. Right now the only viable candidates I'm aware of are ones who lost pretty strongly to Biden in 2020, or who are not much younger.
If Biden runs in 2024 as an 82-year-old and the GOP nominee is anyone but Trump, then that spells disaster for Democrats.
I just wish and hope Biden isn't the nominee. He will not win against DeSantis if that's who the GOP chooses. I think he'll win against Trump, but DeSantis is another beast. We'll need someone younger on our side to run as well if the GOP dumps Trump.