I feel like presidents pick a vp that appeals to audiences they don't capture. Generally this is identity and politics based. There is no point to cloning the president having both the president and VP appeal to the same demographic.
Trump has problems with female voters. Nikki Haley would probably increase the ticket's appeal to female voters and maybe a little less maga (republican) voters.
Now, i personally don't like Nikki Haley, i think she is just as crazy as trump, but hides it better. I do however think Trump picking either (or both) a female or black VP would be a good idea.
She's running for President with the ultimate goal of her's (and the GOP) to be VP running mate. She'll run, drop out then be courted by the two remaining candidates.
She would do better among independents than Trump, Biden or DeSantis. Add in the factor of her being the first female POTUS and a minority and middle of the road liberals who’ve proclaimed for years how important that is would have a harder time justifying voting for a geriatric white instead of her.
Ky reasons for thinking she might be a good candidate are the fact I think she did a good job as UN ambassador, she’s clearly well liked in her home state,she’s far less bombastic than the alternative GOP nominees, she’s younger, and having an immigrant female POTUS coming from the party that is routinely slandered as sexist / racist could help to mend division in America.
I don’t think she’ll get the nomination but I think she’d easily win the general of the matchup was against Biden and Kamala.
I don’t think she’ll get the nomination, but if she did there is no chance that Biden or Harris can beat her. She’d peal off women from Biden, along with a whole lot of minority votes. Harris rubs all but the hardest left voters the wrong way, I don’t think she can beat any Republican, including Trump.
In recent years white centrist women has become a must win demographic for Democrats. If the Ds don't get that voting block they don't win. Hailey is charismatic, educated, experienced, people will feel good about voting for the first woman president and first Indian/Asian president. She brings a whole lot of what Hillary brought, with fewer negatives, and the identity obsessed left is going to have a very hard time attacking her because they'll worry about the optics. She'd peel away enough women to make a difference.