If you read the article (I'm sure you're a very busy person and are justified in commenting before reading the article) they mention that the person was not found guilty of rape but was found guilty of having sex with a minor. I'm not familiar with UK laws, but it seems that they have a more specific definition of rape then some other countries do. So that would be why the article doesn't use the term "rape".
Well they were charged with "penetrative sex with a minor", but not rape. So I don't think the penetration is what determines whether or not it's consider rape, since penetration was involved.
They probably didn't use it because iirc rape in the UK legally requires penetration with a penis, and they might not be able to prove that happened. The UK and a lot of other places need to update the wording of rape laws to fall in line with modern definitions.
Yes I would agree, but the UK and many other places have laws that define rape as unwanted penetration with a penis, that's why I said it needs to be redefined to fit modern definitions.
I believe I had read that in England rape is defined by penile penetration so by their definition women cannot “rape” but they can have sex, so that’s probably the issue on the verbiage.
In the US it would be considered statutory rape, in the UK it's categorized as sexual penetration of a minor or something. I believe in both countries Rape is a separate type of criminal charge and the victim has to be unwilling where as this kid was (because they had been groomed).
Yeah, apparently UK law (for whatever reason) specifies that only a man can rape someone. But I still think the BBC is justified in not using the term "rape" since that has a legal definition.
I just did a bit more research into the UK law, and it appears that the reason it's not legally considered rape is because of outdated language in the legal code. The law specifies that rape can only be done by a man in the UK, so women cannot be found guilty of rape. So this does have to do with gender identity, as well as dumb legal wording.