Allowing the profession to be better rewarded for their services while allowing districts more liberty to dismiss poor teachers helps the kids and the teachers who are succeeding. Some teachers put in so much overtime for which they are unpaid, while the bottom of the profession does just enough to not get fired. Which again, in California, is almost impossible - firing teachers is sooooo hard here. Disband the union and give nice pay raises for teachers attracting even more to this necessary profession. Reward the best, and replace those who do not honor their profession. Seems like a good proposal for all concerned. Well all but the bad teachers who dishonor the vast majority of dedicated professionals who teach our kids.
Now certain segment of society want to vilify teachers? Again? Didn’t we go through this before Covid? Perhaps teachers are seen as an easy target, a small percentage of the working population that is a safe bet to target. We already have a shortage of good educators in this country. For most, the pay is low and the hours are longer and more involved than people realize. Teachers do what they do because they genuinely enjoy it. They like working with the kids, they like making connections, they like helping a struggling student come to that, “oh, I get it now” moment.
Covid opened the eyes of thousands of people who were under the impression that it is easy to “teach” someone a new skill or fact. Parents found out quickly their own kids “didn’t get it” as they tried to “ teach” at home during the shut downs. They found out that “telling” someone about something isn’t even close to making a permanent change in knowledge that can be applied to future situations. Telling isn’t teaching and “doing” isn’t teaching either. So just doing a math problem while the learner watches does little or nothing to transfer the knowledge. Most Parents couldn’t “teach” their own kids.
Keep denigrating teachers, Mike. You others who have some pathetic axe to grind because you received an F in 10th grade keep up the negative rhetoric. When the teacher shortage reaches epic proportions perhaps you’ll “learn” it wasn’t wise to target an essential part of your country’s workforce.
Then, after a time, start to demonize those remaining teachers as they try and take measures to protect themselves, their professions, and their curriculum from the crazies. Invent stories of things you hate, specifically high-level educational concepts that don't even touch public education, as you further drive your supporters down the rabbit hole of hating what was once considered the foundation of America's success.