Republicans have distorted this Twitter story to the point of getting it backward. Twitter has a "" that keeps it from banning accounts of certain important people. That policy was applied to accounts like Trump's secretly and unofficially until 2019. , including more than two dozen that were themselves later suspended for their rule breaking posts. In one egregious example, Trump tweeted "when the looting starts, the shooting starts", which broke Twitter's rules against glorifying violence. Literally no one other than Trump was getting away with the things he was posting on Twitter.
WELL, this means if Trump incites an insurrection by posting on Twitter, then Twitter can also be held responsible. Twitter lawyers were like "you need to distance yourself from this A-hole before we all get sued." Leading to Twitter having to post warnings on basically every tweet Trump made.
If you paid attention you saw twitter actually had a conservative bias and Trump was the one who tried to censor Twitter. If you paid attention you saw Clinton defend herself from a brutal hearing for 9 hours and emberass the Republicans. If you watch Fox News then Republicans did a hearing about Twitter bias against conservatives, and since Twitter is so much on the news, twitter must have an anti-conservative bias Republicans did a hearing against Hillary, and since there are so many hearings against Hillary she must be corrupt.
Former republican here (I grew up in a Republican family, so naturally I used to be Republican minded), here’s what the Republicans think: they think that Twitter and almost all the news channels (CNN, NBC, MSNBC, whatever) are pretty much owned by the democrat party, which couldn’t be further from the truth. They think that the democrats are “brain washing” people through the news and through this (which again couldn’t be further from the truth). Oh yeah, and while we’re on the topic of brain washing, they think that teachers in the school system are also “brain washing” their kids. No joke, that’s actually what they think.