Of course not. It’s the republicans decades of corruption related to the bogus war on drugs that is the cause of like half the problems our society faces today.
The drug war most definitely causes more problems than it fixes, but Fentanyl is a weird one that probably would persist even if drugs were legal. It's not a problem that has any kind of easy solution. The main thing would be to just reduce opiate addiction in general. A shit ton of it starts in hospitals and with doctors, and patients just move on from oxycontin/vicoden/whatever to street drugs once they get dependent and either build a tolerance or lose their prescription. Interestingly, kratom is actually a fantastic way to move from a dangerous opiate addiction to something much safer and easier to handle. Kratom addiction also kind of cures itself after a while, because it weirdly stops working but you don't get severe withdrawal from it after that like you would with proper opiates. You just kind of lose interest because it no longer gets you high.
That doesn't really work with opiates. Once you are so addicted that you're shooting heroin or purposefully taking fentanyl, you generally no longer care how safe it is and only care about access - meaning how much it costs. Fentanyl will always be cheaper than other opiates, so there will always be a market for it.
Though there could be some benefits to that method, like providing on-site testing of heroin and other drugs to see if it's got too much Fentanyl in it. And some of the more trendy heroin users like suburban kids and celebrities would not be getting tainted dope because they could afford to buy the real thing if it were legal.
Then they lost a massive lawsuit over it and not a penny of the billions of dollars they paid went to the victims or the families of victims. It all went to various governments to pay for the "extra police, prison, and hospital resources" they had to use for all the people Big Pharma got hopelessly addicted to opiates. But the parents of teenagers who doctors got addicted to opiates and died from ODs got nothing.