Require licensing for every gun and make it a rigorous process that requires reapplication for certification on an annual basis, including medical reports, psychological assessment and mandatory safety training certification at regular intervals. This generates revenue that way, and operates just like driving license.
Thirdly I know this is pie in the sky stuff, and pro-2A people don’t care about money. They only care about either owning more guns or selling more guns.
Maybe legal gun owners should do something about the problem, since they are the only ones who can do anything about it.
I'd bet very good money the people they're afraid of getting shot by dont have legal guns that would disappear (confiscated/bought back) with a gun ban since they cant be traced.
And before you bring up "gun sellers should be responsible for checking out the people they're selling stuff to", there are already background check laws in place and so on with regards to guns being sold. The issue is that the system is poorly run so the existing gun control restrictions don't even do what they're supposed to. That's not something that more gun control laws can fix.
From what I've seen, gun control advocates want nothing less than a full ban. Anything less than that is bemoaned. I only see one side refusing to compromise in the long-term, as more and more strict anti-gun laws keep being added.
Just to clarify a few things, I don’t support gun rights and my preferred option is what goes on in every other country in the world. Heavy regulation and a good reason required to own a gun with specific requirements to be met for every class of firearm.
Require insurance for every gun license and every gun. Just like cars. Plenty money for insurance to make it profitable. The more guns you own the more it costs to maintain. Insurance companies can use publicly available social media posts to load insurance, hopefully silencing highly vocal 2A people. Also If you’re negligent with your firearms and cause harm, then insurance is required to pay out, so victims get compensated, and gun owner’s insurance premiums go up. Permit class action lawsuits for public threatening with a firearm and for mass shootings where even non-injured victims can claim for psychological trauma. Make domestic terrorism the most expensive crime.