"The operational data outlined above shows that the Russian military suffered from major errors of judgement made by the Russian leadership, special services and the presidential administration. The force also suffers from structural weaknesses in its force design and training system that created specific operational and tactical frictions. It was also a force designed for ‘active defence’ strategic military operations, not for a large-scale attack on another sovereign country without full wartime mobilisation. Nevertheless, the AFRF have already demonstrated that they are able to learn and adapt. They remain highly lethal, determined to achieve the mission set by their president, and employing highly capable weapons systems.".
The characterization of the Russian military as largely unmotivated to execute combat operations has been highly overblown in the West. Yes, it is true that there have been desertions and surrenders, especially among conscripts, and yes, it is true that hundreds of thousands of young men fled Russia when the first wave of follow-on conscription was announced. However, the idea that the Russian military is unmotivated to achieve its objectives is largely untrue; the continued pace and unabated intensity of the fighting belies the widespread perception in the West that the Russian military is unmotivated and unwilling to engage in combat operations. The Ukrainians themselves caution against this perception of the Russian military:
The takeaway is that the UAF needs more and better military aid NOW, and must continue to receive increasing levels of aid, if they are to succeed in restoring Ukraine's borders. Ukraine suffers at a strategic level from the fact that its minimalist aim, the expulsion of Russian forces from its borders, is also its maximalist aim, a war goal that will take thousands of lives, hundreds of millions of dollars, and likely years yet, to achieve.
even pretending to believe Ukraine will keep killing 700 people a day without fail till this ends, it's still at least another year and a half before Russia "goes broke" to use your metaphor.
At some point I wonder if Ukraine is actually sinking these or if they're just going down and wiley Captainovich is blaming it on those damn Ukranian boogeymen.
Then you add the drive and hatred the Ukrainians have towards Russia now, sanctions, home advantage, lack of motivation of Russians, a mismatch in tech, training, outfitting, food, logistics, etc... I think if Russia does manage to mobilize half a million and field whatever ratio to the front they usually do, it'll be a disaster for them. Something has to give internally, maybe give the sanctions some time to really kick in. There's a lag.