I loathe the idea of nukes but right now MAD is probably the only thing stopping countries with aggressive expansionist policies from steamrolling countries without nukes or no defense pact with nuclear states.
It's stupendously difficult to ban nuclear weapons because everyone who agrees to ban them will be ruled by the countries that decide not to.
Banning Nuclear weapons isn't going to stop countries from using Nuclear weapons. In the end it will always be the same result. In the event that somebody fires a nuclear missile at another country, every country that has one is going to instantly launch theirs in retaliation ban or no ban on nuclear weapons.
Fun fact: not sure if aware (not trying in any way to be condescending), but since NK has declared itself a nuclear power a little over a month ago, their doctrine for nuclear launch is "first strike" if they feel that their government, sovereign territory or ANY OTHER PERCEIVED THREAT. They live in a perpetual state of existential crisis, so they could perceive literally anything as a threat warranting a first strike attack. Also, they've outright said that these tests they've been conducting are for the sole purpose of preparing to attack SK AND U.S.
Not sure that they have a reliable SLBM platform. If they do, they've done an amazing job of concealing it. If nothing else, all missiles can be traced to origin of launch, no matter how fast their flight time. For example, the Russian Topol-M, depending on launch location and location of target city, could make it from Point A to Point B in approximately 25-42 minutes after launch. Biggest problem for defense systems is its speed and relatively low (70mi altitude), flat trajectory. By comparison, our (U.S.) W87 warhead has an entry altitude of 700 miles.
On the flip side, their nukes are relatively new and not well tested. Conversely, we don't know the true capabilities of the HWASONG-15.....their nuclear capable ICBM. What we think we know is that it should be easy (relatively) to at least track, because of its high flight trajectory (est. 2,700mi altitude).