The long awaited next big missile strike finally happened and it really wasn’t anything special, the number of missiles that was expected was vastly overblown, as it wasn’t the 120+ missiles that everyone was talking about, but only 69 and some Shaheds along with them. It doesn’t seem that it did too much damage to our infrastructure, the problems with electricity are not widespread right now, and some blackouts are not due to the missile strike, but because some cities turned off electricity as preventive measures to lessen any possible damage.
Though I don’t think it’s the end of missile strikes for today yet, as just recently there was a second missile strike aimed at Kharkiv’s energy infrastructure, and apparently it wasn’t done by an S-300 missile, but a cruise missile, which they usually do not use on Kharkiv, because they can use the cheaper and more abundant S-300 missiles for it. Some people reported electricity being cut after that missile strike, but for us it’s stable for now. We had it the entire day with basically no interruptions despite the missile strike, though it did flicker for a couple of seconds right after the first missiles landed in Kharkiv in the morning.
Some good news is that while they were firing missiles at us the whole morning our forces didn’t sit idly, Russians reported that one of their S-300 launchers was destroyed by our strike right in the middle of the missile attack. There were also a bunch of other attacks on Russian positions on their side of the border, as well as another strike on Engels airbase, though I’m pretty sure this time they did actually manage to intercept our drone.
Imagine if Ukraine had the capability to swarm launch long range missiles or drones every time Russia did this, but instead of hitting civilian targets, they hit multiple military targets deep within Russia.
That said, it very damn well could have been Russia shooting their own S-300s considering they were firing them off in Belgorod, Crimea, and Engels potentially at their own assets.
And Belarus even fired one of their rockets at the beggining of the war, not just letting Russia invade from their land.
Russia sent the Shaheds before the strikes for probing, and are apparently sending more now via Belarus.