For over 40 years, entire Soviet Union worked around the cloack, limiting what its citizens could afford, keeping them poor, witout good products, so in the year 2022 Russia, can take that entire fucking stock of weapons that was build for fighting with entrie West, and dump it in Ukraine. Thats how they can sustain it. They did not build these weapons. Entire Soviet Union build them. They inhereted it. And now they are literally wasting everything that was left after Union collapse (what remained after years of corruption and thvievery, and poor storage that is) and using it to and capture Ukraine.
Russia is so fucking shit, they using entire stock of soviet weapons that was supposed to help them capture whole Europe, and they cannot take Bakhmut for over 5 fucking months!
If the next big russian offensive hasn't even started yet, it is going to be a goddamn Verdun for them.
I think everything will arrive in time for Russia's offensive in March. All these announcements happened the same time the CIA delivered information to zelensky. They probably showed up with detailed information on the 2nd invasion and how Ukraine can defeat it.
Ukraine can just slowly retreat why himars and precision artillery obliterate Russian armor. It just makes no sense for Russia to continue this war if they can't take out the himar systems. They can't, they were hoping we would run out of ammo.
Announcing tanks and long range weps that will be there by spring is basically giving Putin a chance to change his mind. Ukraine will be ready so why even bother with another offensive.
Ukraine did not attack Russia. They just wanted to be left alone, keep their 1991 borders and thrive with partners of their choice. Ukraine did not threaten anyone. They wanted democracy and self-determination. But Putin didn't give a shit. His fucking legacy, greed and delusional vision of history required him to launch one last psychotic war before he would fucking die. Piece of shit. I hope he gets to rot in hell when his time comes.
This war is between DEMOCRACY and FASCISM. Ukraine CANNOT lose, WE cannot lose, or the world order of post-WW2 will start to crumble.