1. Russia is not going to concede and withdraw from the self proclaimed independent regions or Crimea.
2. It may accept to end the war on the grounds it incorporates the eastern Ukraine regions in to Russia proper and Crimea as is. With Ukraine acceptance that this is what it will have to concede. In this scenario Ukraine will want insurance against another attack down the track for NATO intervention (no nato bases in Ukraine but a mutual agreement to assist, if not Nato then a coalition of neighbours such as Poland, Finland, Latvia etc).
3. Ukraine is actually overrun and turned once more into a Belarusian style state with the west allowing this to happen. Or the west and Nato decide it can not accept Ukraine being overrun and decides to intervene in Ukraine only.
This is going to end up with East and West Ukraine and Ukraine still being the "buffer zone between Europe and Russia." It will just be a smaller country. Putin's goal is not all of Ukraine but the Donbass + Luchenko region why because of it's economic importance. Tons of wheat, rare earth minerals, and ores. Russia is being a bully and taking the success of Ukraine. Putin is expanding countries populace and economy by doing this. Russia's population was actually declining and stagnant throughout the 2000's and so was their economy. All this NATO bullshit and hype about Ukraine joining NATO is Just propaganda. Putin is just trying to make Russia more powerful at the expense of Ukraine.
NATO is not sending troops yet to Ukraine, so when Russia overwhelms Ukraine, NATO will have Russia as a neighbor. Neither Russia nor NATO will stand for that.
putin is building up the Black Sea Navy assets for a sea/land and missile assault from the south, through Muldova.
I agree. Unfortunately NATO is doing what other countries did before WW1 and WW2, they are acting as though by averting their eyes they will not be attacked by Russia. So probably NATO will be late to the war in its role to defend against Russia.
How could it be a wider war when Russia is losing to an indirect conflict with NATO? Them expanding to Moldova, etc would just spread out their forces even more, absolutely crippling them. Are we about to see the Russia Govt/Oligarchy collapse?