The UK has run a border poll in NI before, the GFA explicitly sets out the route to one, and the UK has run other referenda (most recently in Scotland) in independence. So yes?
It essentially addresses some of the issues that the remain side fought the EU referendum on (and even then only as a potentially rapid fix, rather than allowing solutions to be found over time with further discussion, as the NIP envisaged) but lost, while pulling back all the issues that the leave side had problems with.
Better alternatives exist (the trusted trader approach that the UK has proposed, amongst other things), and there is no good argument to push the entire UK into an economic union and as a political subject to a large political block, especially as alternatives exist to address the specific issues around diversion of trade etc.. Frankly binning the NIP would be a better outcome.
I'm not sure that NI is that high on the radar for most UK nationalists (or that UK nationalists are a big enough constituency to bin a PM for that matter..), throw in that a referendum would neatly pass the 'blame' to those that voted, rather than the PM who offered it, doubly so if it were as a result of a process enshrined in an agreement the UK had in place for a long time prior.
It’s not that I doubt they don’t have the means I just doubt a sitting pm would ever allow it because UK nationalists would campaign to get them out of power afterwards.
Lastly, the Scottish IndyRef shows that it's viable and fairly current for a Government to offer a vote, even if the potential outcome is a part of the UK splitting away. Throw in that the EU referendum shows that UK Governments/Parliaments will follow through with referendum outcomes even where they broadly oppose the outcome, and it gets hard to argue that the UK wouldn't allow something to happen.
So yes, it's almost certainly politically untenable, arguably it's the 'BRINO' option that both the remain and leave sides suggested were unacceptable in the run up to the referendum, leaving the UK subject to EU legislation (which it doesn't want) with a significant hand off of sovereignty, but with no say on top. In short, worse than remaining in the EU, or leaving as the UK has (or by almost any other outcome).