Im pretty sure if Russia said tomorrow that it was no longer Protecting Belarus that Poland would have some choice words.
What do you think NATO would've done if it indeed was the case that Russia launched missiles that hit Poland? Do you think NATO would just start dropping nukes?
That doesn't make sense, so Polish and Ukrainian governments would be in on it? Why wouldn't it be easier then just to say Russia hit Poland with their missiles but they're not going to escalate the situation further?
To be fair Russia was responsible for the Polish blast, be it because it's missile hit Poland directly or because the missile was fired to intercept a Russian missile.
Now consider what would need to happen for an S300 type missile from Ukraine fired at a target towards the north east and becomes errant and goes west in some fashion to hit Poland.
Like if a Ukraine missile fired at a Russian missile detonates near the Russian missile, what's the probability that the Russian missile is damaged in a manner that does not destroy it, but damages it in a way that it no longer is capable of hitting its target because the flight/guidance controls are in fault and not functioning properly.
I'm not saying this is what happened. But it's certainly possible. At least I think it's equally as possible as a Ukrainian S300 being errant in an odd direction to the general trajectory of these missiles being fired.
But really when you think about it, in terms of probability/statistics, you have tens or a couple hundred missiles from Russia moving in a south west trajectory in north western Ukraine, and you have Ukraine SAM/AA defenses engaging those missiles in a north east trajectory and firing angle. And your telling me that you think it's more probable that a Ukrainian missile went errant in a west / north west direction versus say a Russian missile given bad coordinates, or malfunctioning (maybe from a near hit that damages the GPS/Flight controls of the missile) and overshooting it's intended target?