Further, it is difficult to understand why you would intervene to make such an unintelligent point. Had there been a grammatical error in their comment (which there was not), how would that address the issue raised by the commenter?
The issue you are both discussing is beside the point of the comment you are replying to. The original question was whether there was just one exchange along these lines (as heard in the actual radio recording) that somehow got transformed into a more dramatic version ("you are clearly endangering my safety") for the text article or, perhaps, there were two exchanges, both answered with nearly identical replies by the US side: one in the video, another in the article.
Is this some horrible editing of both video and article or evidence of an attempt to falsify the tone of the Chinese communication (de-escalatory "keep safe distance" vs escalatory "you are clearly endangering my safety").
The commenter has conditionally assumed the truth of the statement in order to make unjustified criticisms of media reporting that is critical of irresponsible Chinese practices.
Given that: (a) CNN had criticised China; (b) the language used by CNN to criticise China was appropriate; and (c) the commenter was incited to criticise the language used by CNN to criticise China; I inferred that: (d) the commenter was hypersensitive to criticisms of Chins.
To state it concisely: (a) China's unlawful interception of US aircraft in international airspace indicates that there are increasing tensions in the region; and (b) a colourful synonym for increasing tensions is "brewing" tensions; such that (c) CNN's description of the tensions as "brewing" was not an unfair description of the circumstances.
If there are other collateral disputes between the US and China which indicates that tensions are continuing to increase - such as China violating US airspace with surveillance balloons and considering providing lethal assistsnce to Russia in its war against Ukraine - then it is reasonable to conclude that tensions are increasing.
If China is routinely deploying its fighter jets to intercept US aircraft travelling through international airspace near disputed territories, it is reasonable to conclude that tensions are "raised" around the South China Sea.
Any evidence of the US routinely and unlawfully intercepting Chinese aircraft in international airspace with a fighter jet in recent times?
Do you have any evidence of the US routinely and unlawfully intercepting Chinese aircraft in international airspace in the last year?
We should not be normalising China confronting US aircraft with fighter jets in international airspace.
Because we have bases in a bunch of countries surrounding China and then fighter jets from both countries cross pathes, they are the aggressors? It's an imperialist pissing match. We shouldn't be over there in the first place and they shouldn't be threatening their neighbors.