1. Suppose the mortality rate of COVID-19 is 1%. In other words, 1 out of every 100 people who catch COVID-19 dies. This seems like pretty decent odds. But China has 1.4 billion people. If everybody catches the disease, 1.4 billion divided by 100 is 14 million people dead from COVID. This would be a catastrophic death toll, about the lower end of estimates of how many people died in WW1 (16 million to 40 million). If I was running a country, I would want to find a way to protect my population from COVID that doesn't result in millions of people dying. By the way, COVID appears to have a mortality rate of 3-4%.
4. It's important to space out how many people catch a disease at once because every country has a limited amount of hospitals, beds, and doctors. If people don't get adequate care while they are infected with the illness, more people than expected would die. See point 1.
2. Herd immunity would not necessarily be conferred against mutations. Mutations are different from the original strain; some are so different that they can evade our body's existing defense systems. This is why as the pandemic continues and more mutant variants arise, pharmaceutical companies are designing new vaccines, because the old vaccines are not as effective against new variants. Your body's immune system is no different. If you caught COVID near the beginning of the pandemic, your immune system would know how to identify and destroy that original strain. But it may not know how to do so against Omicron or any potential future variants, depending on how different they are. In other words, future mutations would still have just as much of a chance of infecting you and producing symptoms.
I suppose, at least, it would be helpful to identify any potentially dangerous mutations as early as possible.
Does letting it rip through a billion people increase the chances of mutation, or not since it can spread rapidly and without obstacle?
Isn’t the likelihood of a mutation extremely small though? I’m not saying it’s unlikely here, just wondering since we went through all of 2020 with only two strains of Covid; Delta was in 2021.