If building nuclear capable ICBMs is irrational, then the US, Russia, UK, India, China, France are all just as irrational - since they also have nuclear capable ICBMs.
If you assume an irrational actor, you have to assume a nuclear attack sooner or later and should strike first. He is not irrational but cruel and without empathy for his people. He wants to stay in power, which means he does not want to be annihilated by a nuclear counter strike which would be the precise consequence of an attack on the US. He rattles the sabre to remind people not to attack him. The current situation is the ideal outcome for him, there is literally nothing to gain for him in a nuclear war.
Fun fact: In the event of specific conditions like if the US is ever taken over, the president and other important people killed in the midst of a nuclear war, etc. - those submarine commanders are authorized to have full discretion over the targeting and use of their on-board arsenal. One of those subs could basically destroy the planet, and we have a lot of them at sea, 24/7.
The entire system is set up to ensure that no matter what happens, no matter who wins, if one nation uses them, the planet is destroyed. That's the only way the US and USSR could make sure neither attacked with nukes.
The use of a tactical nuke launched from a fixed wing aircraft could totally be (and I think will be) how we first see nuclear weapons used again. Total nuclear war is suicide, everyone knows that, so when a nuclear power next gets existentially threatened, I think it'll use a small tactical nuke as a last resort. It lets the other guy know you mean business in the most extreme sense, hoping or betting there won't be a full force response. I think that's a good bet too.
A dark advantage to multiple warhead ICBMs is there ability to mitigate anti ballistic missile measures.
Then consider this... You don't even need to put 10 live warheads on it to be effective. 3 can be real, 7 can be fake. The defender still needs to shoot all 10 down. Meanwhile the aggressor has very good odds of at least 1 (probably 3) getting through. And it only cost him 3 warheads worth of material.