>South Korea and the United States are discussing possible joint planning and exercises using U.S. nuclear assets in the face of North Korea's growing nuclear and missile threats, South Korean President Yoon Suk-yeol said in a newspaper interview.
But North Korea (and China when they defend NK at the UN) always say that these missile tests are for their "own protection", and that the US and South Korea should stop doing military exercises (which in turn are done to maintain defense readiness... interpreted as preparing for invasion by NK / China (but we all know this is their own propaganda)).
Sure, the U.S. and South Korea have massive superiority over North Korea, but unlike NK, they aren't going and shooting ICBMS over Japan and making nuclear threats left and right. At this point NK has nukes, they don't need to keep making threats to maintain their independence, yet they continue to do so.
Missile tests aren't threats, and the US has a long history of testing ICBMs like that, and making threats. North Korea isn't uniquely dangerous. Small countries rely on asymmetric warfare, and North Korea is surrounded by five of the world's largest militaries; the missile program is a deterrent, a paper tiger. They cannot engage in an aggressive military action without getting wiped off the map—a threat commonly made against them—and they have significant reason to fear the major military powers around them which have previously occupied the country. Like them or not, these people won't be attacking anyone and don't see themselves as aggressors.
Maybe not for that reason, but yes. It would have the same added value that lead the US to position short range ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons systems in East Europe and Turkey when the Workers' Republics became a threat to US hegemony. A bit Dr. Strangelove imo.
It's a systems theory statement, a comment on the geopolitical reality which faces empires with a hegemony over the world-system. You're adding an affective spin to a neutral statement.