I suppose my fear here is just that we’re kinda in a lose-lose situation. Giving aid to Afghanistan, while the morally right thing to do, could help keep the Taliban in power, which could help perpetuate suffering and oppression in the region. Not helping, while horrific and honestly a terrible thing to do, has at least a chance that the Taliban may just fall apart on their own. Of course it could also just give them a way to blame their faults in others. I don’t like helping to perpetuate the Taliban but I also hate to let their people suffer. It’s just lose-lose.
And that’s good, but take Hungary for an example, the nation has a fair share of problems and an increasingly authoritarian leader. They also get a lot of money from the EU, so life for the average person in Hungary is relatively good. That can breed complacency in the face of authoritarian governance, so as long as the people keep good living conditions they have no reason to dislike their leader even if Orban has a lot of stuff to dislike him for. I suppose my fear is that this dynamic could happen on Afghanistan. Although I admit this could also give India enough leverage over Afghanistan to curb their worst actions. But that’s my thought process of how even giving humanitarian aid could perpetuate the Taliban.
So your saying the Taliban oppressing afghan people and allowing people to starve and sell their children is americas fault?
And in response we should then give money to the Taliban so that they can definitely NOT use it to help the afghan people and probably end up using it to make more problems for its own people and the people in the surrounding countries….i.e. pakistan?
Leaving suddenly and bailing out on the allies was wrong, but I don’t know how you can sit there and say that the USA wasn’t trying to do the right thing by establishing a democratic government in afghanistan… they were actively trying to stop the Taliban from being in control because of how they treat their people. It’s not the USAs fault that the government/army that they have been training to defend themselves for 20 years just gave up and let the Taliban take control in a matter of days.
Most people are against war so say what you want about that but nobody but the taliban is to blame for the harsh conditions the country is dealing with right now. And if you think giving them money is going to change that you need to do some research.