If a Republican speaker is seated based on a power sharing agreement that prevents the political bullshit that 80% of the GOP sees as their 1 goal, that WILL tear the GOP apart. Can you imagine what it would be like if an R speaker needed to keep the support kf 130+ Dems?
Let them try to hold together any kind of Republican solidarity when half the party is pitching a tantrum over not operating 100% focused on political spite, and the Speaker needs to maintain support from 150+ Dems.
There literally only needs to be seven Republicans who side with the full Democratic voting bloc and those 218 (I'm not sure about the one Democrat who died before taking office) could elect the speaker. It's not 218 Republicans who get to elect the speaker, it's 218 total members of the house. It's always been you vote for your own party, but if a Republican has the guts to have the MAGA crowd against them - Democrats and centrists Republicans could pass legislation and wouldn't matter what the nutter MAGA people say.
I think it's very possible an ambitious Republican backbencher can cobble together six collegues in competitive districts and see if they can deal with the Democratic caucus.
I’d be fine with Dems supporting an actual moderate Republican, if they can get concessions including limitations on dumb-fuck investigations, including just some form of shared committee power.
Mind you, those concessions don’t mean pushing the Democrats’ agenda but rather means nixing bullshit investigations/impeachments and acting in good faith to work with the Senate leadership on a compromise agenda while keeping the MTGs of the world marginalized.
Exactly this. All the people suggesting chaos for chaos’s sake sound like the flip side of the MAGA coin. The job is to govern. If a reasonable partner approaches the Dems in good faith and presents a way to do thatC they should take it.
I tend to think, in that context, the latter would be more palatable to many of McCarthy’s supporters than the former. But if this goes on indefinitely and Democrats refuse to give the Republicans an off-ramp, the more reasonable ones will have no choice but to cave to whims of the far right just to end this.