He's basically shooting himself in the foot..or wallet I should say. Twitter has basically become a forcefield deterring any chance of ad revenue. Good job Elon. Confusing hate speech with free speech will eventually cost you a fortune.
Classical liberals thought that freedom of speech was worth its cost - people abusing speech to denigrate. But there was a check built in - the "marketplace of ideas." Rather than maintaining peace through force, liberals thought that morality and rationality would prevent atrocious ideas and speakers from gaining too much sway. Ever the optimists on human nature, liberals thought that most people would recognize dangerous ideas for what they were and not put any stock into them.
What I have seen is the failing of the marketplace of ideas. Only a handful of people control the largest media platforms and outlets, and these firms all want to preserve their own market shares. The firms' attempts to keep their users loyal have led to the lacing of content with an addictive substance: outrage. Rather than browsing among merchants of all kinds, the patrons of the marketplace are gathering at "their booths," getting "their truth" and claiming that everyone else is "brainwashed.".
Same. It was a huge onslaught of far right nonsense in my feed all of a sudden. I deactivated my account a short time later when it was clear Musk was going to ruin the place.
I will be surprised if my account actually gets deleted. After all, he’s going to have to pad the account numbers at some point and what better way then to “forget” to delete the massive departure over the past few weeks.
FOX “News” of social media. Musk will actually make bank charging the rubes a monthly sub, cause if FOX or Trump say it will “own the libs” the dumb shits will be fighting to open their wallets.
I think so too. Can you guess how much the Russians and middle eastern countries have paid (or will pay) for the DMs alone? At some point most political figures around the world have used the platform as well as activists in draconian counties, the user data is a goldmine for them.