apparently my English is really bad, I will write through a translator. the T14 is designed for a different engine, a new one, this engine is not being built now, there are no factory capacities, there are no long-term operational checks, there is a rather large complexity in manufacturing and operation. also with the transmission, the use of Western aiming systems and night vision systems can not even be remembered. it is radically different from the tanks of the 70 series. The T72 is still in service as the main battle tank, there are repair plants and well-known engines for it. the fact that the t14 was designed and there was enough knowledge and strenh for it - I do not dispute, but there is no capacity to manufacture a commercial quantity, there is no time to create these capacities either. I know about the continuity of generations in the development and production of tanks, as well as any other equipment. But the T14 is not the successor of the 70th series. Due to corruption and massive abuse of state subsidies, the Russian army does not have these tanks in service, plus global production problems. This is another beautiful picture from Russian propagandists and a story about the Great Army. In the army, there are not even enough underpants with socks, not to mention the t14.
I agree with you, but t14 has a different engine, transmission and etc. Big troubles with electronic systems. Russia can't build it a lot.
I'd caveat this that, under normal circumstances Russia can't afford to build these. Under exceptional circumstances, they could build plenty. It's safe to say that Russia isn't operating in those exceptional circumstances atm. They are still running what is largely a civilian consumer based economy.
Tanks, or other heavily armored vehicles will always have a role in modern combined arms warfare until the paradigm of modern warfare changes radically from what we have now.
Infantry are vulnerable to tanks and IFVs (tanks and infantry are mutually vulnerable to one another). Basically, the infantry screen's job is to suppress the enemy infantry while the armour and artillery takes them out.
The purpose of a tank, is to up the ante of what the enemy needs to fight you successfully. Having tanks means the enemy has to dedicate resources to providing the heavy weaponry necessary to defeat them. If you get rid of tanks, suddenly your enemy can defeat all of your direct fire support with small caliber auto cannons, or exceedingly cheap and small air dropped munitions.