Uhhh...they use that money to purchase US military equipment. Withholding US aid to Israel would be punching US weapons manufacturers in the nose, not to mention kicking the stock market in the dick.
Haha, the US should stop the aid money to Palestinians as well and if anything pressure them to stop the denialism and accept a two state agreement with security guarantees for Israel. Once that is done, hell yea, Palestinians might have a thriving economy and hopeful future. I could see them being an ally like Jordan even. They just need to get over the whole “kill all the jews” vendetta.
You and many others think that the money is a charitable donation to Israel, but its really a mutually beneficial transaction. The US receives a lot in return. Personally, I think it would be great if the US stopped the aid money. Then Israel wouldn’t be restrained as much in dealing with Iran, Hamas, Hezbolah, and Palestinian terrorists.
Maybe dial back the apartheid regime and Israel might have a sliver of credibility, but until then, nope.
It won't happen with the current Israeli government but blaming it is ahistorical. Solutions very close to that were offered multiple times and rejected by the Palestinian leadership with violence. The people in charge of both Palestinian governments aren't against the occupation, they're against Israel existing in any borders.
Until the Palestinians and people like you recognize that the Jewish people have a right to statehood in at least part of our homeland this needless war will continue.
I don't think the current Israeli government wants a two state solution but it is the Palestinians who turned down peace in 1937, 1947, 2000, 2001, 2008, 2014 and 2019. After Israel withdrew from Gaza and voted in a government based solely on withdrawing from most of the west bank, the Palestinians voted in Hamas to step up the war. Criticize the current Israeli government all you want (it's garbage) but the Palestinians have a pretty clear track record here.
So you admit the Palestinians don't want peace with Israel now? Which is it? Palestinians want peace or they're right to reject peace because Israel has no right to exist in any borders? Pick a talking point and stick with it.