You won't get elevated tau / decreased amyloidβ in cerebrospinal fluid in PTSD. It's a combination of many things that leads to a diagnosis, although this is definitely a very very atypical case.
One such study, yes. But a large number of later studies have confirmed that people with AD do have lower levels of amyloid-beta and higher levels of tau in their CSF. The study was about a specific oligomer of amyloid-beta and a specific mechanism of action for the disease, meant to explain the presence of amyloid-beta, not claim or disclaim its existence in people suffering from AD.
All Alzheimer's research in the past 15+ years was based on one study establishing links between amyloids and Alzheimer's, a study which has recently been openly called into question (and it was called into question behind closed doors before, to be shot down by the so-called amyloid mafia). I mean the study literally had photoshopped western blot images.
The reason why no one noticed that images were photoshopped earlier was because everyone already assumed Alzheimer's was caused by amyloid accumulation, but then again, when you are faking research, you are faking the thing everyone assumes is correct. The fact that no one was able to reproduce the results, that there are now other explanations for it, and that healthy people seem to have the same plaques, was the reason why some people looked deep into that shit.
No one knows. What we do know is that last 15 years of research is probably wrong, at the very least partly wrong.
Care to cite those hundreds of times? I am aware of failed replications, but no one bothers to publish those. I am not, however, aware of replications of results linking amyloid to Alzheimer's.
Of course we don't know if amyloid is cause or consequence, but there is no doubt it is associated with the disease.
While i am not familiar with the entire litterature from the neurology side for example there are dozens and dozens of imaging publications showing the presence of amyloid in Alzheimer's patients.
Also there are other examples that prove the theory. For example patients with REM sleep behavior disorder (a group of patients that all eventually develop Alzheimer's) also have positive amyloid scans even before having AD .