Well, sort of. There are a lot of misconceptions about alfalfa. A lot of articles like to paint alfalfa as "water thirsty" and cite stats on water usage per acre per year. But what they fail to take into account is that in places with long growing seasons like AZ and CA, they're typically getting 8 to 10 cuts (harvests) per year. Alfalfa itself has a very deep taproot, over 20 feet in many cases, and is actually quite drought tolerant. It's just that with the right soil moisture it grows very quickly and you can maximize yield by irrigating.
I known it’s drought tolerant, but does it not still require a lot of water in order to grow enough to harvest. Drought tolerant plants won’t need to be reestablished after drought but they typically won’t yield well for harvests.
Middle of a drought here In Nebraska and the local alfalfa field was about the only thing that didn’t look like it was dying and it had zero irrigation.
I'm not sure about AZ, but in my region of Colorado where we get 14" of precipitation per year, there are old fields that still have alfalfa growing after decades of not being irrigated. It's actually a really cool plant.
Alfalfa as a plant doesn't require much water to survive. But it's a perennial so once it's established most of your investment has been made. Your fixed costs are the same whether you're doing 1 cut or 10, so as you maximize cuts you maximize profit. Which means it's worth irrigating.
One of the reasons it's such a popular crop here in CO is that it grows well in a wide range of soils, especially the difficult clays where I am. Many farmers here don't have much water in storage (reservoirs) and are limited to irrigating during spring and early summer snowmelt. So they irrigate when their ditch is in priority, grow as much as they can, and then by late summer they're out of water but the alfalfa survives and even thrives in the summer heat. It's far less fertilizer-intensive than most crops; as a legume, it actually fixes nitrogen from the air. It's a high-protein forage for animals. It has a pretty purple flower and the pollinators go absolutely nuts for it. When grown in a field with grass hay, a 25% mix of alfalfa can actually increase productivity of the field by 300%. This is not only because it fixes nitrogen that the grass needs, but because alfalfa grows back so quickly after cutting that it shades the soil, resulting in less evaporation from the top couple inches of soil, allowing more available moisture for the grass. You are now subscribed to alfalfa facts. Edit: or as sarcosmonaut brilliantly coined them, "alfalfacts" lol.