It a sort of willful ignorance, considering how it was basically known that large swaths of the American backed Afghani government was maintained by the influence of warlords the US bribed into compliance. The Afghani army was entirely dependent on US supplies (gotta create your customer base I suppose) and on the presence of US personnel to fight their battles. Above all else, the US and the previous Afghani government failed to convince a significant enough portion of the country that they should be considered a preferred choice over the Taliban. Considering the influence of the previously mentioned warlords and how the US enabled them, including punishing US soldiers who reported warlords' "use" of child slaves, it's not hard to see that the government itself reflected that corruption and dependence.
That being said, it's not something that's solely any one president's fault but rather the fault of several US administrations and several American national pathologies that led up to Afghanistan War being a quagmire and to the Afghanistan government being a house of cards. In the end its either to accept that reality and deal with it the best you can, or live in denial of it and continue the war. I feel for the Afghani people who must survive under Taliban rule, but it's been obvious since day one that the US government never had their best interests at heart, otherwise again they wouldn't have protected and bribed child slave owning warlords in Afghanistan.
And yes, given that the Taliban resumed their offensive after the deadline, I have no idea why foreign civilians still remained there despite repeatedly being asked to evacuate.
I think Biden did just about everything a President could to oversee the withdrawal without dragging the US into another prolonged conflict with the Taliban. No idea how Republicans can possibly blame him for that in good faith. The numbers alone show that the Trump administration did nothing in the year they had between when the deal was made and the next election.
Not really. The Taliban resumed their offensive right after Trump's deadline passed, so Biden was up against a ticking bomb. No idea how people are blaming Biden when Trump did nothing to make sure the deadline could be met.
Wdym Trump issued 1799 SIVs in a year after the deal was made and Biden had to approve 18000 in 4 months. Why didn't Biden do more? All Biden did was listen the intelligence provided to him but as President he should know better than his military experts.