Hey, I'm a graduate of a Christian seminary school and I absolutely agree with you that no religious text from any religion should be used as a basis to create laws in the United States. I also feel strongly that if anybody is going to try to deny rights to anybody else and claim "The bible says..." then they also need to be put in their place by showing them that they are absolutely wrong even by the book they claim to follow. Every last bit of leg they can stand on must be eliminated, so that they are simply left with, "I don't want to allow others to do X because I don't like it.", which is not a solid basis for an argument at all. It sucks that this is something that we have to deal with in a country where supposedly there is a separation of church and state, but here we are. If the United States really were a Christian nation, then there would be a lot more social programs/safety nets that would have most so called Christians crying about the country becoming "communist", plus way more compassion towards immigrants, legal or not.
Which is interesting consider that a lot of the people talking about the USA being "a Christian nation" don't consider Catholics to be Christians, and generic Christian (which is what you looked up) isn't what they mean when they say "Christian". Although if you combined all the smaller evangelical and protestant groups that they do consider part of what they mean, it probably is larger than Catholics.
NY Domestic Law Section 17: "If any clergyman or other person authorized by the laws of this state to perform marriage ceremonies shall solemnize or presume to solemnize any marriage between any parties without a license being presented to him ... as is provided for in this article he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and on conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine not less than fifty dollars nor more than five hundred dollars or by imprisonment for a term not exceeding one year.".
Also. Look up Bidens history on the subject. He was never for this before Obama took them down this road.