No. We need to keep N. Korea stable until the rest if the world is ready and able to rehabilitate N. Korea. China won't let the West do that nor will they help the inferior (as they see them) N Koreans. If the DPRK where to collapse tonight, there would be 25 million hungry N Koreans to take care of but no government structure in place. It would be a huge humanitarian crisis. As horrible as DPRK is, it functions enough to mostly keep the people alive. By bailing them out, the people of N Korea live, barely. If we refused to help, N Korea would fall into famine and war. The resulting war of barely fed soldiers killing starving, desperate civilians would force outside intervention bringing devastation to S Korea while the DPKR rallied its people one last time to fight the American evil. Even if it was China that stepped in. Unfortunately, we will have to help.
What do you do about 25 million starving, apparently parasite invested, poorly/un/mis educated that are in an active civil war that may or may not try to include S Korea in the fight? Do you really want to trigger a war that will result in the slaughter of these people? It will be a slaughter. As soon as the US or S Korea step into the DMZ, China comes onto play. Doesn't having the US and China fighting face to face again sound great? It's been a while. It's better to feed the little man and keep his people fed. Unfortunately , it's up to China to decide when the DPRK ends.
The "US vs China battle" happens when the regime is toppled. US and China will both want to install a puppet they can control but it's unlikely they'll go to a conventional war against each other just for that.
Regardless of whether the new NK is aligned with China or the West, all I care about is the removal of nuclear arms and the current regime hellbent on producing them.
Honestly, I would be ok if their sad excuse for a nuclear program was the strongest one in the world. But the rest of the world would have to seriously disarm to even get close.