Road maintenance in Tennessee is paid for by a 27.4 cent per gallon gasoline tax. An electric vehicle uses the road in the exact same way as a gasoline vehicle, yet pays no maintenance fees.
Realistically, road maintenance fees should be decoupled from gasoline but it is a fairly decent way to breakdown the costs fairly for people who drive a lot versus people who drive very little. It does punish people who drive gas guzzling vehicles but I think the people complaining about an electric vehicle road tax can appreciate that anyway.
So, unless TN drivers are well above the average, it seems that they're certain punishing EV drivers with a heavier tax burden. Also, I've seen some indication that the 650 per person is high. If that's the case, then the increase is even less warranted and an even more egregious punishment.
That makes sense only if they are evening out the average. Meaning that they have found that the average person pays $300 in tax from filling up their gas tank. Google says the average driver uses about 650 gallons a year. Tn charges 27.4 cents per gallon. So, approximately $178 dollars a year in tax per person earned through a gas tax. They want to up the electric tax to $300. So, unless TN drivers have a much higher average usage, or google is wrong, they're overcharging electric car users by approximately $122 a year.
I broke it down elsewhere, but according to google the average person buys 650 gallons of gas a year. So, at 27.4 cents per gallon they will be paying $178 a year in gas taxes. Tn is increasing the charge for EV drivers to $300, which is $122 more than what the average person driving a gas vehicle is paying.
They want to increase the EV fee from 100, which is fair-ish to both ICE and EV drivers, to 300 dollars which is absolute bullshit. I have no issues with paying for the roads I use but when you do the it like this, it's not just patently unfair because it's far more than one would pay with an equivalent ICE car.
Again, have no issue with paying my fair share of taxes but they need to do it in a fair and not a bullshit arbitrary way and in a way that punishes EV drivers with a flat fee that's more than what a ICE car would generate.