Firstly, you confuse the volume of a vocal minority’s noise with its size. Second, you make the mistake of thinking the Venn diagram of “anti-vax lunatics” and “people who will never vote anything other than Republican” is not a circle.
Establishment dems don’t need to ‘get in line’ behind progressives as much as progressives need to get together an electable candidate. I have hope of such in the future but right now Joe is the horse to back, and deservedly so.
Biden could walk on water and those people still wouldn’t vote for him. He won without them in 2020 and will do so again. The power of incumbency in American politics is huge. Add to that Biden’s increasing popularity within his own base of traditional centrist dems, with progressives due to recent policy wins / good faith attempts , and moderates due to the economy and a little bit of “dank Brandon” popularity with younger voters.
He might talk nicer than most Republicans, but their whole party has been run by greedy sadistic bigoted shitheads who don't believe in democracy for a few generations, so Bush's willingness to get on board with someone like DeSantis shouldn't surprise us. There are no good Republicans, there are just some who know not to say quiet parts out loud.
Also, Trump's base wasn't enough to win an election in 2020 and there's no reason to believe it's grown since then, and DeSantis doesn't have the record to campaign as anything but Trump with a college degree.
The only shot they have is if they somehow get Trump to both step aside for Desantis and not run 3rd party (good fucking luck and even then much of his base will feel betrayed), or get DeSantis to step aside in favor of Trump and wait for 2028 (but Trump lost 2020 and isn't likely to do much better in 24).
The ones who need to "get in line" if they want to win are the GOP. If they think they're going to beat Biden, they'd better find a way to make either Trump or DeSantis go away, because running both of them on one ticket is too extreme.
“Trump made me vote for Biden, even though I didn’t want to, but when a demonstrably worse candidate comes along who’s pushing actual dictatorship moves in Florida, we’ll I’m just gonna stay home because Biden doesn’t excite me”.