The French be like: "If we help Ukraine embarrass Russia enough in this war then all the French reverse memes and Surrender jokes will go away!".
Well. yes but not quite, as FIFA itself has no political interest other than to make money to its corrupt board members etc. Platini would not vote for Quatar if there was not something in it for him.
On other totally not related news his son, Laurent, in 2012 joined the Qatar sportswear company Burrda, owned by Qatar Sports Investments (QSI), as the chief executive, which Platini has always denied had anything to do with his vote, or represented a conflict of interest.
"BENSINGER: So a good example of this would be that Qatar's influence was seen in France with the French representative to FIFA, a former player named Michel Platini, one of the great all-time players who was very influential in FIFA. And it came out later that he was summoned to the Champs-Elysees, where then-France President Sarkozy said he wanted to meet him. This was only a few weeks before the critical vote, and Platini walked into a dining room to find the president of France and the emir of Qatar sitting there. And they were - had negotiated a deal not only for Qatar to buy airliners from Airbus, but also to buy Sarkozy's favorite soccer team and also to buy the rights to France's soccer league on television in France. So Qatar had basically injected a ton of money into France. And the president of France made it very clear to Platini where he should be voting.".
P.S. Ran into the same problem with links preventing posts here. I typed the summary in my subreddit, but I'm not trying to steer conversation there or collect karma. Locking summary there to prevent replies.
Putin’s BS about the Zaporizhia Nuclear Power Plant (ZNPP) situation, paraphrased. Behind a spoiler because I don't want to expose anyone to that against their will.
I don't want to try to fill those shoes. PCX99's posts were clearly the result of great time investments, plus a certain panache I don't have. I think I relate more to the roman numeral brigade.