It's still creepy but the supreme court ruled back in the 50s that students can't be forced to do it.
Yes, but the key sticking points is that the student must pledge support to The Party. And that their guarantor is forbidden from leaving China until they finish their education and return home.
The article clearly says the sponsor of the student, like family, become unable to leave China while they are abroad and become liable for their misbehaviour or disloyalty. This is classic dictatorship stuff, US certaintly does not do this. Not sure why you are defending China.
Not returning to China when urged? We'll throw your parents into prison for speaking out against the government. Don't care about your parents? That's fine, neither do we. We'll keep your parents in prison and wrangle up your cousins, uncles, and aunts and do the same. Don't care about them, either? Then we'll start hunting down your old friends and colleagues from before you left and add them into the mix. Seems like a lot of people that you've known while growing up have suddenly started talking bad about the Chinese government. How much are you willing to bear the responsibility for? How much will others suffer until you cave to the demands? How many of your loved ones will be in a cold and moldy prison cell begging for you to come home and cursing your name every day that you've abandoned them?
"Have you heard from your family recently? I hear that the Chinese government is cracking down on social activists. Say, didn't your mom make a post criticizing the government not too long ago? Seemed pretty critical to me, anyway. You should probably go back home to China and make sure that she's doing well. It's good to take care of your mother, after all.".
Or at least they should be. I have a lot of issues with how the resources are allocated, to be sure, but I think that at its core, continuing to pay some amount of tax (not all, mind; you're not paying any of the sales taxes, road tolls, property taxes, or anything of the sort when you live abroad because you're not using the systems those are attached to) into the system that you have citizenship in and can return to and take part in at literally any time due to that citizenship isn't some offensive concept.
I suppose I look at the taxes abroad the same way I look at the taxes on domestic citizens. Part of citizenship is being able to come back to the country, or seek the help of the country's embassies, at literally any time. Nominally, everyone paying those taxes at all times not only pays for anything they're currently making use of, but also pays for the future solvency and stability of the system for any future use by any and all citizens/payers. This is similar in my mind to ideas like income and sales tax for non-citizen residents, as they're similarly benefiting from the hard infrastructure here and now.