Correct. And my point was that they truly did not understand the extent of the devastation the bomb was going to cause. They knew it was pretty bad and bigger than anything they had seen before. But the immediate response after having used them in Nagasaki and Hiroshima was that we shouldn’t ever do that again. Then the Soviet Union and the US started building thousands of them in hopes of mutual deterrence in the face of mutual assured destruction.
In other words, this was definitely a demonstration of US capabilities, aimed primarily at the Soviets.
This hypothetical is based around President Truman's assertion in his autobiography, in which he states that the bomb saved at least 20,000 American lives by avoiding the otherwise necessary invasion. After that, it became an accepted fact to the American public.
Since then, it's been shown pretty conclusively that Japan had already decided to end the war and was in the process of doing so when the bombs dropped.
That's what made the nukes so effective at ending the war. We showed Japan we had single bombs that could level a city. That's way more intimidating than the carpet bombing, despite being less lethal.
The reality is however carpet bombing took way more lives than both atomic bombs. But while the carpet bombings were like multiple stab wounds, the atom bombs were big freaking holes. The latter was just more immediately, conceivably terrifying in its consequences than the former.
America demonstrated to Japan AND Russia they had big damn explosions. This scared Russia into passively accepting America would handle Japan, and much of Japan's leadeship realized they were hopelessly outmatched on all fronts (though many of the generals insisted on continuing the fight.) They totally would have ordered the citizenry to fight to the last, and the Americans very well could have lost a lot of ground personnel taking every inch of Japan, but it was not a ideal outcome.
Leveling an entire city and splattering everyone in it has been within our capability for longer than the atom bomb, the atom bomb is just iconic and impossible to downplay.