And the natural “compromise” would be that you can’t and that it’s instead a states rights issue. If the state constitutions are changed to give legislatures this authority then it’d be “okay”.
But Jackson's point is that these State Legislatures are granted their legislative power via the State Constitutions. The Federal Constitution doesn't define the makeup of the State Legislatures, the State Constitutions do. The point being you can't take the State Constitutions out of the question, for without that there is no state legislature at all.
The clause in question does not prohibit the limitation of power on the legislature by the people of the state. Moreso, US legislatures, be they state or the federal legislature, are not truly sovereign. The very nature of a state established by a written constitution means that the government, nor any part of it, is sovereign and that the people as an unincorporated body, retain sovereignty and are only delegating some of their power to the institutions being created. The nature of our constitutions make quite clear that the state nor any of its institutions are sovereign as there are clear restrictions placed upon the state in what actions it may take and when it may take certain actions. In the case of the Federal Government, rather than blacklisting the things it cannot do, there is a whitelist on what things it can do.
Compare this with the powers of a true sovereign in the form of an absolute monarch. There is no legal restriction placed upon the monarch. The monarch is ordained by God to rule, and the only concerns restricting the monarch are practical ones not legal, for no court can rule against the King for the court is merely a placeholder for the king where the king cannot personally preside to settle the dispute.
While it is true that the Constitution grants the authority to the state's legislature, the state's legislature's authority is still bound by the State's constitution. The legislature cannot exceed the authority that created it. The legislature is created by that document, and not by the United States Constitution. If the people of the state in the creation of their state have bound the legislature to some principle not contradictory to the United State's Constitution, then then the legislature must remain bound. If those same states have also established an independent judiciary whose role is to settle disputes in matters of law, and some dispute arises out of a law passed by the legislature and the constitution of the state, then it is the proper role of the state courts to settle that dispute.
The independent state legislature doctrine says that, because the elections clause specifies state legislatures make the rules for elections, that the state Constitution can't bind those rules.
The real strongest argument, in my mind, against Independent State Legislature theory is that it's already been decided that a state Constitution can procedurally limit a state legislature in this regard. I.e. if a state legislature draws new districts, and the state Constitution says governors can veto laws, then the redistricting has to get past the governor's veto. Court approval is just another element of the procedure of creating a law. I.e. if the court declares the law a violation of the state Constitution, and renders it void, that's essentially the same as a governor vetoing it.