as a German, i am in full support. i was raised to be on the lookout for Nazi resurgents, and its clear where it has happened. there is only one way to deal with Nazis, complete destruction.
Poland is NATO, NATO is poland. there is no splitting countries within the alliance. 1 cm of Poland means all of NATO is at war and all of NATO will rain hell on the invader. doesnt matter where from. vatniks will need to walk there from russia proper anyways given russia has nothing else left. they cant take ground in east Ukraine, they cant do shit elsewhere.
seeing our public arguments as a sign of weakness.... well russia is in the find out stage of thinking they could fuck around.
but for a brief moment we saw how scared shitless Russia was making every attempt to try to bargain, disprove, and beg for NATO to not get involved.
At this point, I'm starting to wonder if Russia actually is trying to escalate to a nuclear war. Or Putin has gone absolutely batshit crazy, like for realz because this makes no sense. They can't even handle Ukraine, what makes Russia think pushing a NATO countries borders back would be chill or actually be feasible considering how they're handling Ukraine thus far.
I think that Medvedev is not only assuming that Russia wins in Ukraine, but that Russia will incorporate Belarus and launch their attacks on Poland from both places.
I think Putins' initial plan was to have Belarus invade Ukraine and Russia would just help but for whatever reason Belarus has mostly stayed out of it, even with several threats and promises of assisting Russia in the invasion. Could be like you said and Belarus military wasn't having it. I truly don't understand how Putin thinks he's going to navigate this. He's lost far more than he's gained by this failed invasion. Belarus backed out, and now Putin loyalists are threatening Polish borders, whether it's all bark and no bite, it's still a threat to NATO territory.
If they actually went after Poland, which would be a death sentence, they'd likely go through Belarus and use Belarus as a military boost, not like it would help any.