This conflict was absolutely atrocious. All major combatants (Tigrayan forces, Ethiopian military, and Eritrean military) are responsible for large-scale, widespread atrocities/human rights violations (mass rape, induced famine, indiscriminate murder of civilians, etc).
Just so everyone's aware, a peace agreement was signed a few weeks ago, which includes the total and permanent cessation of hostilities. We of course can't predict the future, but so far it seems like this one will stick. Citizens in Ethiopia are very hopeful this time!
What’s happening in Ethiopia? The best most of us can do is some “well this is probably because colonial practices somehow” but otherwise it’s lost in the sordid generational conflict that has defined many places in Africa. The coups and clashes so numerous that Westerns have lost the thread entirely.
Truly insane conflict. We in the west just don’t quite understand the equities, people, and complicated histories that led to this conflict. It’s horrific.
I don’t have a solution to any of this. Personally I do believe that America, at least, has no business in this fight. But I can’t ignore the scale of violence there either. I can only hope those with a stake in the matter - or at least have a cultural connection to it - can find a peaceful resolution. I doubt it because the conflict is about more than just resources….
so you really think there would be less conflict without borders? africa wasn’t exactly a peaceful paradise before colonialism lmao. without nation state “borders” people just fight over where their territorial control ends because of limited natural resources. its pretty naive to think otherwise. Im not arguing that Africa was well constructed at all but regressing to no nation states is a terrible idea.
Don't artificially impose the construct of the nation-state on all of Africa? Westerners feel a need to draw a line around every square mile of land on Earth and pencil in a name at the middle of it, but it's ultimately an artificial political construct.