Russia and Iran are united against a common foe. They are allies of convenience, but Russia never trusted Iran since the Revolution.
They are very unlikely to provide Iran nuclear weapons, but Israel's concern is Iran receiving Russian jets and the S-300 and S-400 anti aircraft systems which would hinder Israeli efforts to stop transitting weapons to Iranian proxies through Syria.
So, a non-nuclear Iran can respond to an Israeli strike by bombarding Israel with ballistic missiles, while a nuclear Iran can't (or can't without potentially triggering a nuclear response.).
This is as far as Iran will probably go and this is why Israel probably won't ever bomb Iranian nuclear facilities. They'll just continue to fight the conflict in Syria. That's it. And that's why Israel need to keep Russia placated, because Russia is allowing them to bomb Iranian assets in Syria. Without Russian assistance Israel is flying into contested airspace and if they strike a Russia SAM site, then they're inviting a response by Russia.
There are other negative consequences in posessing a nuke. Think about an Israeli strike on Iran's nuclear facilities, which is what people always predict will happen. Iran doesn't have an air force capable of responding, all they have are thousands upon thousands of accurate ballistic missiles. If you've got a nuke then you can no longer fire your ballistic missiles without the chance that it's mistaken for a nuclear strike.
The US has sent a clear message to any nation seeking to build a nuclear weapon: you cannot trust us to honor our agreements, and if you don't build a nuke we'll invade you.
This eventually led to where we are today - a nuclear capable North Korea building ICBM's that can reach the US despite all of our sanctions.
It allowed development of ICBM, and when the nuclear part sunsets in 2025, they have full reign to do as they please with nukes and will have a delivery system.
So while Iran waited for the deal to sunset, they got to enjoy selling oil again and develop all the other technological requirements to deliver a nuke.