Losing the House sucks for reconciliation/budget bills, but at least they will now have a more „visible“ reason than the filibuster for not being able to pass stuff like voting rights legislation.
Democrats need to start making Republicans use the filibuster and stop just not voting on because it would get filibustered. That feels like the only way to make sure the general public knows what the Democrats are trying to pass and exactly why it's failing. I feel like it's the only way to get that into the headlines seen by people who don't pay close attention to politics. "Ted Cruz is reading lice shampoo bottles to stop free lunch for kids" is so much more grabby than "Democrats passed a bill & want to give free lunch but if they try to pass it in the senate blah blah blah". Even if it's pointless it feels like the only way to publicize what Democrats are actually trying to do. So so so many people are like "the Democrats aren't even trying" while having no idea how many things Republicans block with the mere threat of a filibuster.
- Only Democrats seek to get money out of politics and stop wealthy fat-cats from drowning out the voices of the many (you know, the whole point of our Democratic system...).
Going into election night, I expected the worst and hoped for the best and came out very pleasantly-surprised.
Watching The Hill's feed that is mostly focused on the crowd and all I can think of, "ah, so these are the traitors of Democracy.... The ones who'd be right at home chanting Make Germany Great Again in another era.".
Yeah. He did. But don’t worry he also said we’d all be dead soon from nuclear warfare so no need to worry about climate change. General theme was we will probably die from Biden one way or another before 2024 but if not vote for him. And yeah he will kill those of us who sell drugs.
Prop 131 passed (added Lt. Gov), which was mainly supported by R’s although you had some D’s support it but it was championed by the likes of Kelli Ward and JD Mesnard. Now this won’t go into effect until Hobbs is up for re-election but they did this because they thought Lake would win, and then as an incumbent likely win re-election and wanted to cover their bases for the chance she resigns, removed, etc. Keep in mind prior to Hobbs we’ve only had 1 Dem Governor in the past 30 years who served briefly until being tapped by Obama for a cabinet spot in the 2000’s. So they figured we will hold Gov but may not always have SOS so this way we can keep control of Gov if something goes wrong. This was also always their fear with Ducey as Gov and Hobbs as SOS - basically meant Ducey could never retire, resign, etc mid-term.