While I agree, it's silly to think that the corrupt will police themselves. The problem isn't that Thomas won't resign. It's that, despite his obvious conflicts of interest, there aren't enough votes to impeach him.
To avoid having to remove him from office Republicans didn't allow evidence and refused some witnesses at his 2nd impeachment. If they had they would have had no choice but to remove him, they couldn't deny the evidence. They also worked with him on his defense, that's the jury colluding with the defendant. That's why I was dead set against the 2nd impeachment, I knew it would go nowhere and waste time and money. I knew he'd become even more brazen having gotten off twice, I didn't quite see the insurrection coming though, but I knew he'd think he's untouchable. The point of impeachment is political, it's like a mark on your soul, it doesn't work on someone without a soul or shame. It has the exact opposite effect on Trump.
The Draft Dodger in Chief believed that we can't punish them for doing their job otherwise nobody will want to be one. That idea was put in his head, he's never had a thought that wasn't about himself in his life.
Trump's pardons violated every ethical guideline. He pardoned everyone who could testify against him. There is nothing in the Constitution that says the President can't be charged with a crime. Quite the opposite actually, the Supreme Court ruled that giving the President blanket immunity went against the belief that no one is above the law. It's just become practice that they be impeached and removed from office first and nobody has challenged it. Thanks to a corrupt Republican section of Congress Trump was never removed and therefore pardoned those who could have put him in prison.
Much like the practice of never appointing a Supreme Court Justice in an election year, unless the Republicans are in charge apparently, there is no basis in law. That one is based on a memo written by a racist piece of shit in 1968. Trump's presidency was more like a kingship, based on tradition and his will rather than the rule of law.