Yup. If we didn’t have Manchin, we’d have an actual Republican in his seat. And while manchin is a huge problem, he can and has voted with the rest of the democrats, which a republican senator would not ever likely do.
Manchin could really use the cover to vote with the Republicans without changing the outcome for these next 2 years while he's running for reelection in one of the reddest states in the country.
Manchin is very unlikely to be reelected over an actual Republican in 2024. West Virginia is going the way of Florida. West Virginia is probably going to have to be written off for a while.
We ALMOST replaced Manchin this month with Mandela Barnes in Wisconsin. He only lost by 2 points after getting minimal funding from the DNC/DSCC and relatively minimal attention or assistance from the party until the last week or two of the race. Had the Democratic Party gone as all-in on Barnes as they did Val Demmings, Barnes would have won. Democratic leadership wasted money and time swinging for the fences in red-as-Satan's-ass Florida because said candidate is an Obama Administration alumna, while relatively ignoring a far more easily winnable race because the guy running is a Progressive Berniecrat who overturned the apple cart by beating the Moderate party favorite during the Primary.
2024 is another opportunity to replace Manchin. Hopefully Chuck Grassley will retire or be forced to retire due to age and health issues and we can have a chance to replace him with a Democrat. Missouri is another potential pickup (and probably easier than Iowa).
We almost got Barnes in to replace Manchin. Just 2 points shy of victory there. Had the party focused more on the Barnes-Johnson race than the longshot Demmings-Rubio race, we'd be looking at 52 Democratic Senators in January. We need to focus on expanding in winnable areas instead of pissing money into the wind or money pit of trying to get seats in states that are becoming redder than Mississippi and Alabama. Let Manchin go ahead and retire like he already wanted to do back in 2018. Biden had to beg him to run in 2018. Manchin likely does not want another 6 years holding it until 2030. We can make up for his loss in winnable purple states. Or at least states that aren't literally the Top 5 reddest in the country like West Virginia, where a Democrat won't even be electable as dog catcher by 2025.