And we can't say anything because they get offended when we say they vote against their own interests. Even though they do. They're steeped in 30 years of Fox News and Talk Radio, whipping them up into fear and paranoia about cultural issues (gay marriage, for example) to the extent that that's all they think is important. That and guns. They've given up any pretext to other issues being important, even though red states have lower measures of all the elements of wellbeing. So they could use the help, but they're so steeped in their own propaganda that they can't see how something common sense, like expanding medicare, which is 90 percent covered would benefit them. It's more important to 'stick it to the libs.' I live in a red state, from a family of hippies, teachers, and social workers. It's nuts seeing just how much people bend over backwards to refuse smarter ways of doing things. Pride and tribalism costs people down here years off their life and a truncated future for their children. Don't even get me started on climate change.
Don't fall into the trap. It is not young vs. old. It is people vs. corporations and the Republican (and even Democratic) politicians owned by big pharma. The answer has been in the room like an invisible fucking elephant for years - single payer. If you continue to be chained you will continue to envy and disparage those with longer chains. That seems foolish when you cut work with them to break the chains. Become a single issue voter or continue to flounder.
So, if you are younger and vote, good for you. If you are too jaded and cynical to vote you are getting what you deserve. And if you do vote, vote single payer. Be a one issue voter. It will be good for all of us.
This is good news. It's just too bad that due to the omnibus bill that broke the link between the public health emergency and extended health coverage.
They should stay on it for the same reason they qualified for it under the pandemic emergency. That is, because the ACA and other subsidies are insufficient. Not only are the pandemic healthcare subsidies not enough, but we need to be expanding healthcare, not cutting it.
The fact is, regardless of the state of the pandemic, we need healthcare expansion, not healthcare cuts. This is a healthcare cut, therefore it's bad. End of story.