they're losing 500-600 soldiers a day in this conquest and they're struggling to take tens of meters a day, and they've barely reached the edge of the city. i don't think ukraine will pull their soldiers there until they're at risk of encirclement. that's when it'll fall, but they've only now started evacuating civilians this week, so i think there's a ways to go. urban combat is hard for the attacker.
definitely, but ukraine's on the defensive, and they value the lives of their soldiers. they have proper winter gear and other equipment, they actually rotate their guys out, and they get proper meals. they park their artillery, fire, and move. they don't have as much ammo for them as russia so they only fire when it counts. they usually say attackers lose 8-10x the defenders when it's urban, and that's exactly what this is. so while ukraine is definitely losing guys, for bakhmut area i think it's minimal compared to russia's. i think ukraine lost a lot more on their offenses east of kharkiv, and also their offensives into kherson area.
Yeah, of course losing Bakhmut would be bad for the Ukrainians. But it isn't going to significantly change the direction of the war if that happens. And Russian doctrine, if you can call it that, is why this has been such a shit show for them. It's not just that they're executing it poorly.
No one is saying the Russians aren't dangerous. But I'm really struggling to understand the doctrine Russia has and what's so "solid" about it... They haven't had much of a coherent doctrine this whole war so why'd they have one now?
There's some strategic value. But nothing that significant really. Ukraine defends it because it's their territory and they've been making the Russians bleed for it.
Symbolic for Russia because it’s in the eastern region they poured a ton to defend just to show on TV. Now to be fair Ukraine is trying to cut some supply roads off in the east as UAF tries to reclaim pre 2014 Ukrainian territory, that is going to be tough as Putin puts all his eggs in that basket. But as stated earlier, UAF will encircle and take back, if true. However, Russian sources are so unreliable because they fucking lie so bad. I am leaning towards it’s still not a) conceded by UAF…. for now and B) Reports are stating battles are very fierce. If they broke thru, Pro Putin propagandists would be on it like flies on hot summer shit. UAF stating fierce fighting is still raging.