That’s pretty much who it was in my youth as well. Frustrating because I was going to school, working part time, and constantly applying for full time jobs. Plus, in those days you had to pay something if you could afford it so I had to shell out $12 for $48 worth of food stamps — and live on that for a month. I will never disparage people on welfare or vote for any politician who promises to get those “deadbeats” off. If not for food stamps and Medicaid (and Planned Parenthood) I would never have made it to bring an educated, taxpaying citizen.
You are really going all out to defend someone who went out of her way to make a young woman trying to feed herself feel shame. Not sure why. The food stamps were probably in my hand and anyway, I would have had to separate items that food stamps couldn’t be used to buy, so they could be rung up separately. I was young and naive and didn’t feel anything at all about using the help I thought all Americans were entitled to until that minute, which is why it is so burned into my memory. Later I did start to notice the face just about all of them made when I pulled out food stamps to pay.
Because I don’t have that problem. If anything, I move through life oblivious to what other people think of me. Try using food stamps or an EBT card for a while. You will not have to mind read what people who should be minding their own business think of you. Now that I’m going down memory lane, I recall a big percentage of the grocery store checkers made actual comments, along with the faces. But at least the others were about having and using food stamps, not buying meat.
If she was still ringing out your items, how did she know you were paying with food stamps? At least where I work, we ring stuff out, and then ask for the method of payment when we're done. And memory is a tricky thing - even events that we swear happened didn't happen exactly as we thought they did.
I will say that paying via SNAP is much, MUCH easier now that the program uses an actual card as opposed to literal paper coupons. It's possible that the cashiers weren't "glaring" at you because they were judging you for what you bought - but because ringing someone out using those dumb paper food stamps was annoying and a pain.
So taking away cheaper items and forcing people on SNAP to purchase more expensive items, under the guise of “it’s healthier” is just another way to hurt poor people unless they now plan on upping the $$ amount for recipients of SNAP, which I’m guessing they’re not.
I got downvoted to hell the other day for saying it, but I still maintain that there's value in placing reasonable restrictions on the use of SNAP or other food-assistance benefits, provided those restrictions are aimed at maximizing the amount of food that assistance can buy for a family.