The thing about projection though is that the idea provides a tool for understanding people's psyche, and an important part is that it is an unconscious impulse. The way I understand it, it can either be expressed as a defense mechanism defending one's own deep-down known faults, projecting the same motivations on others — "yes I do this, sure, but look, everybody does" — or maybe it's just because they think that way and so just assume everybody does: when all you have is a hammer everything looks like a nail.
I don’t think they understand how petty it makes them look, though, and childish. I don’t think they would like to know that, so they choose not to, lie more and pretend. As though that makes any difference to how we feel. I think it’s petty and shows how weak they really are, that all they can do is lie ineffectually and blame others for their failings. As though we can’t see them for ourselves. Rotten wood, weak at the core.
The difference between these two ideas is pretty subtle and I may not have explained it well enough, but either way I'd argue this isn't what Russia is doing. There's nothing unconscious about it. It's a very conscious fabrication meant to change the subject away from criticism for having done something stupid..
If you're wondering where the commonly floated rhetoric around the world of just simply lying in the face of glaringly obvious truth originates from...
The “sure I lie but everybody lies” is more like a conscious rationalisation process. Projection is often really quite unconscious, where people don’t want to consciously recognise the faulty parts of their own self (or group) so they project their faults onto others. So it’s more “I don’t ever lie but look at those terrible liars over there”. And because it’s our own darkness that we are fighting, it’s an explanation for why people have such strong irrational hatred to people they know nothing about. Because it’s their own long standing darkness they are hating. People sorting out their own darkness would go a long way to reducing a lot of racism, sexism etc etc.