100%! Every race is local, whether it's a House district or Senate campaign. You have to know your electorate and campaign on that instead of taking on national platforms or ideological ones that are out of sync with your community.
Exactly. Every race is local, so candidates have to pitch ideas that resonate with their electorate. A deep Blue district might be supportive of progressive rhetoric or DSA slogans, but purple or lean-Red ones aren't going to.
"That’s a progressive agenda that some members of the Democratic consultant class often urge candidates to downplay in statewide races".
So if moderates/centrists aren't the better choices for some races, explain only 4 new progressive Dems getting elected this cycle.
Progressives make up like 12% of the Dem Party, the rest are Liberals and Moderates. The progressive agenda is not as popular as some claim, considering even Fetterman somewhat moderated his progressive stances.
Maybe its because the progressive (Fetterman) denied being a progressive,and distanced himself from progressive policies.
I also don't know how you came to the conclusion I was shitting on progressives and young people.Fetterman ran a moderate campaign and denied being a progressives,those are facts.
Shapiro wasn't exactly some centrist, either, even if he wasn't as vocal a progressive as Fetterman. Just look at his work as PA AG pushing back against the Trump administration. As for the election results, I think that it is less that Shapiro overperformed Fetterman and more that Mastriano underperformed Oz (because while Oz is a carpetbagger, Mastriano is a White Christian Nationalist who attended J6). Add to that Fetterman's health, and it is no surprise that Shapiro did better even without examining either Democrats' policy positions.
Ok I'm happy for Fetterman and I'm glad a mainstream democrat won ,but lets not pretend he didn't run behind Joe Shapiro who had a better showing.
I'm from PA, I voted Shapiro + Fetterman, I like Shapiro, I'm happy he's the new governor. I'm not arguing that he's actually unpopular. I'm objecting to the idea that "moderate Democrat" Shapiro overperformed "extreme left-wing" Fetterman, or that Fetterman only won because he tacked to the center. The Senate race and the Governor's race were two different races, and no one thing can explain why Shapiro trounced Mastriano while Fetterman won by a much smaller margin. But there's no proof that Fetterman would have run even with Shapiro if only he did a better job of distancing himself from Bernie and that wing of the party.