The benefits of COVID to Biden's campaign really can't be overstated, and it goes beyond just the effects it had on Trump's popularity, which were substantial. Getting Biden off the trail and getting him much more rest and limiting his exposure to almost exclusively short, prepared appearances was a God-send for that campaign. When he was going through the regular campaign rigmarole, he was not handling it well. It seemed like at least a couple times a week he'd have some weird, troubling episode like calling someone a dog-faced pony soldier, challenging someone to a pushup contest, forgetting the preamble to the constitution, forgetting the names of his primary opponents, the leg hair monologue, etc. Putting him in a lower-stress, less-public bubble clearly had a huge positive impact on his ability to demonstrate competence, at which point people were more easily able to toss him an "I like Obama" vote or otherwise talk themselves into settling for him.
Fuck Democratic primary voters for that. If they were so demoralized by one not-particularly-large state that they gave up on candidates they liked more, then they're stupid. And if there weren't candidates they liked more because they were just so hyped to vote for someone associated with Obama, then they got what they wanted.
And the media, when a non-moderate candidate does poorly in SC, will then say, “well clearly America doesn’t want their politics” with a straight face. Sadly we as an electorate don’t have the time to investigate that for ourselves and will agree.
Well congrats for Dems figuring out how to make sure nobody remotely progressive gets anywhere in a presidential primary.
Clyburn, the Amy/Pete simultaneous drop out and Trump being a clown with his COVID messaging were the trifecta that got Biden elected. Gotta give them all props.
Ugh, as a black man who isn’t religious, I hate this pandering to the more conservative voters in SC.
And Trump, in contrast, never met a camera or microphone he wouldn’t go off the cuff to if he could. Plus, his base being so against masks and vaccines meant that he needed to talk out of both sides of his mouth to feed his desire to be liked by all crowds.