Let's be clear. Supporting Ukraine, a large country with a large population, and with several shared borders with NATO countries, and with 8 years to ramp up their preparedness after Putin's land grab in 2014, is a far easier prospect than somehow stopping Russia from overwhelming a tiny country like Georgia in the middle of central Asia. (And even that wasn't a full invasion.).
Not to mention this was a major invasion of an entire country, in the direction of Western Europe, who had specifically put up with Putin's shit on the condition he didn't make them feel like they might have to deal with a major invasion by Russia in Europe.
And if anyone tries to make bullshit claims about NATO somehow triggering this conflict by eastward expansion, NATO membership is not something foisted on anyone and is nothing like the Russian empire. NATO is a defensive alliance that nations have to apply to join. They have to go through a years-long process, and the entire application process is conducted freely and in the open. And it's also entirely revocable. Any nation can leave NATO if they want. If NATO were run like the Russian empire, Orbán would have fallen out a window a long time ago.
Exactly. It's classic imperialism. And the worse thing is, with every territory they invade, the stronger they get.
Seriously. It's harder to find a conflict with a more clear divide between good and evil. Hell, even WW2, between Germany and the USSR was one evil dictator fighting a war against another evil dictator. In this conflict, we have literal evil empire on the march, trying to squash the freedom of an innocent people who bore no threat to them whatsoever. Ukraine did not start this conflict. Ukraine wasn't amassing troops on the border, plotting a dash towards Moscow.
Russia isn't going to nuke shit over Ukraine. If they did they would immediately be dealt a conventional bitch slap the likes of which even God has never seen. And they aren't going to go MAD over it because that wouldn't benefit them in any way.