Major developments have been made since WW2 and the traditional tank destroyer like the Stug or Wolverine have now essentially been replaced by pretty much anything with a mounted ATGM (Anti-Tank Guided Missile) whether it be a pickup truck, an IFV like a Bradley/BMP/Marder or even a helicopter. TDs both then and now are a mostly defensive tool that Ukraine has and is continuing to be supplied with whether it be through the Javelins they've been given since the invasion started and in the future with the promised Marders and Bradleys with their mounted Milan and TOW missiles respectively.
They'll probably be good but not great. They'll lack protection if not severely uparmoured and the 105mm cannon won't be ideal against more modern armour but tank duels aren't super common and a meh tank is better than no tank.
But then actual tank on tank combat is rare, most tanks get lost to infantry with AT weapons and Ukraine in particular is very infantry and artillery heavy. And the concept of -not a main battle tank- but an armored self-propelled gun (or what we would have called a light tank in earlier times before the US arbitrarily changed their terminology) is still very much a thing (see French AMX-10s or US Strkyers -at least in the 105mm gun variant- or the new US MPF program). Because most of the time you don't need the heavy tank that can pierce another heavy tank, but just a moderately armored big gun to attack fortified infantry positions and armored vehicles. In fact some of the older soviet "tanks" in use in Ukraine would also fall more into that category compared to modern MBTs. And the old Leopard-1A5s still run somewhat solid optics, thermals and stabilization (a lot of armies used and modernized them until the early 2000s, the fire control system used in the latest ones is based on the one developed for the Leopard-2...).
On the positive side a meh tank is better than no tank and the Leopard 1A5, which is what has been stated will be sent, is equipped with dated but still effective thermal sights which will more than useful in Ukraine. How you use the tank is generally more important than stats on paper and the Russian's often terrible tactics have cost them tanks that on paper are vastly superior to what they're fighting in Ukraine.
They are equal to the soviet T-72, the most common tank on the battlefield, a modern tank will destroy it but it can easily destroy old tanks, lighter vehicles, fortifications etc.
The difference is that WW1 tanks were experimental designs with limited effectiveness even against ground troops, whereas by WW2 tanks had become effective fighting machines. A Leopard from the 90s is still an excellent tank, even if it lacks some current improvements.
Leopard 1s, being 60s era vehicles, are unfortunately quite old and were designed to be lighter and faster and therefore are lighter armoured than many of their contemporary tanks. They'll be more vulnerable to AT weapons than most tanks that have been fielded thus far and their 105mm guns are less effective than the 120 that NATO has overwhelming replaced it with. Additionally they are more manpower dependent as they require a four man crew as the gun needs a dedicated crewmember to load rather than the autoloader that the Soviet Union moved towards.