It's authoritarianism, but it's also vagueness used deliberately. By drafting intentionally vague laws, it lets them sell the laws to the public, and counter opposition, by claiming there are exemptions, but it also lets them prosecute people whenever they like. They want the benefit of a narrow law that only applies in some circumstances because that's what's popular and defensible, but they also want the benefit of a strict law because then they can punish people and feed red meat to the base. The vagueness lets them always blame someone else and say they did the wrong thing. If a woman dies, they can blame the doctor for not performing an abortion, but if that doctor had performed the abortion and the woman had lived, they could also say the doctor was wrong to perform it and prosecute.
Case in point: the asshole forced birther quoted as saying that she wants a woman to be forced to carryba fetus with no skull to term, with all the medical and financial risks that entails, just so that the kid can die a few hours after birth.
To be clear, in that statement they were referencing Nancy Davis, who was pregnant with a fetus with no skull who would die an unpleasant death shortly after being born if carried to term. Anencephalic fetuses can actually go to term with no sign of miscarriage. These ghouls aren't talking about hospice care for fetuses, they are talking about forcing a woman to go through months of additional pregnancy and full labor with all its attendant risks, all while knowing the baby born will have a lifespan of hours. The "hospice care" being offered to the doomed infant is in no way "compassionate.".
Very well said. Unfortunately, we are seeing that modern conservatives dont actually have any guiding principles other than vindictiveness and greed. The Republican party no longer has a written platform as their vague sloganeering and symbol worship (claiming to value freedom, the Constitution, fiscal conservatism, law and order, Christ etc) would be more easily cited and exposed as completely meaningless.