These people have the ability to access a lot of resources. They just sit around waiting to be picked off and robbed, or play along and lose a ton of money anyway. ... it seems incredible to me that it goes on and on with seemingly no reasction.
Yeah I see that a lot and it's clear that it was a good argument about 11 months ago but it sure as hell isn't now; if half of their collective fortunes disappeared in months, that gravy is disappearing fast and much worse, LOTS of them are dying ... and their families left with nothing (those that have families who survive at all -- more than a couple have seen their family shot in front of them before being killed themselves and ... and then a suicide is staged. Oh, look and they signed literally everything over to Mr Putin or a close associate.).
Yeah. Although Russian history is quite literally biting the hand that feeds you and some vanity projects. Like Russian elite/nobility have an issue of wanting to keep the status quo lasting forever, and literally even the slightest deviation from this is viewed as the greatest evil in the world. This was true to Ivan the Terrible ("Hey, let's abuse the shit out of this kid that will become king one day Surely there's no way this will ever backfire on me or anyone else"), Catherine the Great ("Hey Let the czar marry the German woman, it totally isn't like he is incredibly incompetent and she'll become empress of Russia anyways"), the Russo-Japanese War ("Oh shoot Our naval officers are literally just given the positions because they're nobility, and a good chunk of our ships were previously yachts Quick, send the Baltic fleet to stop the inferior Japanese"), the Russian Civil war ("Oh what happened? The entire royal family was shot and there isn't a clear heir? We don't care, we need to stop these western ideas like Bolshevism from infecting Russia"), the attempted coup against Gorbachev ("He's selling Russia and the Soviet out to the West We need to remain in power!"), and this is still the case today.