No shit, Russia violated the treaty that saw Ukraine give up it's nukes in exchange for never being threatened with invasion from Russia, only for this shitshow, Don't Trust Russian Promises.
If you dont do the bare minimum (which i thought we did in Minsk 2) of guaranteeing the rights of Russian Speakers in Ukraine than Russia AND NATO dont have a reason to keep Militarizing Ukraine to use it as a proxy war between Russia and the US.
The terms that Ukraine will require, meanwhile-- freedom to join NATO and the EU, war reparations, the return of all abducted Ukrainian citizens and the return of all Ukrainian territory seized in this war (including Crimea)-- are going to be unacceptable to Putin and the pro-war establishment in Russia.
There isn't going to be a diplomatic end to this conflict so long as Russia believes that Ukraine belongs to them and is willing to use whatever means they have available to impose Russian rule.
Putin has the option to cease being an asshat and pull back troops and cease military action in Ukraine, and the Russian people who continue to support the conflict are almost as much to blame, but only as a result to the decades of Russian propaganda that Putin has orchestrated and forced on the Russian people.
Are you dense my guy you are completely ignoring the aired grievances that were said in Minsk 2 in which was followed by an unconfirmed Ukrainian claim of an artillery strike that allowed them to continue the same actions that lead to Crimea and ultimately today. Im not suggesting this isnt Putin war of aggression, but this could have been easily resolved by the international community doing diplomacy to resolve this. They could acknowledged the sentiments of the Russian speakers, allowed them to form their own governments with the stipulation they cannot become a part of Russia as punishment for Ukraine not following Minsk, so that way if they did join Russia it could lead to the same point we are at now but with no legitimacy within Russia for a military action which would have put real pressure on Putin Regime and leave him beyond isolated. Instead the international community decided to ignore everything, allow the US to make a lot of money selling weapons and then use the most base level reason that doesnt even have a standing to the other side due to casus belli’s and then force a horrible ground war with thousands of civilians and combatants who were most likely not there by choice dying. How is this good on any front, how can anyone justify unconditional surrender to a nuclear power, it would just force them to use a nuke. How is it that most of world population wants peace and many countries face starvation as a result of this a good thing. Its easy to say keep up the fight in your heated home with electricty and food while other people who actual fight, are actually effected by this just want normalcy.