Aren't conspiracy to commit crime, incitement, and racial hate crimes already illegal? Do we need separate legislation that specifically focuses on whether those crimes are motivated by abhorrent white supremacy, or can we just better enforce the existing laws?
I'm all for the use of hate speech laws that optimize societal well being while not being repressive - but it's dangerous to make open ended and legally tricky laws that can result in two different outcomes for the same action based on how other people react.
I assumed you were correcting something I said regarding german hate speech laws when you quoted that specific section of it to respond, rather than just to boil down the rational concern about the need for clearly defined legal definitions of crimes into a strawman about how hatespeech is bad.
I explicitly stated I'm all for codifying hatespeech laws with good legal basis, but I suppose you glossed over that in order to have your righteous indignation against some hypothetical other that stands against everything you are for. Enjoy your day my dude, and I hope you are never in a position of power.
What I'm describing is the criminalization of legally protected speech that is not considered direct incitement. White supremacists are an easy target because they're despicable, but it's introducing another mechanism to erode free speech in favor of whatever ideology the government advocates at the time.
at least one of whom published material advancing white supremacy, white supremacist ideology, antagonism based on “replacement theory”, or hate speech that vilifies or is otherwise directed against any non-White person or group, and such published material—.
(i) was published on a social media platform or by other means of publication with the likelihood that it would be viewed by persons who are predisposed to engaging in any action in furtherance of a white supremacy inspired hate crime, or who are susceptible to being encouraged to engage in actions in furtherance of a white supremacy inspired hate crime;.