The latest propaganda from Russia being propagated through online trolls and far right conservative media in the U.S. is that the U.S. should stop because if it doesn't, a war really would break out between Russia and the U.S. potentially starting world war 3.
That's a scary thought, but it helps to remember this is the message Russia wants to convey. It's clearly in their best interests to stir up public protest in the U.S. to end the war. That doesn't mean the threat is any less scary, but it's important to keep in mind who is the country escalating tensions this entire time. If Russia decides things are too scary for them, they can be the ones to back out of the fight they started at \any\ time.
Because regardless of what Putin says, the U.S. isn't an active participant in the war, and we prefer it that way. Putting up a no fly zone would be creating conditions through which the U.S. might become involved. Nobody's pretending Russia doesn't have nukes, but at the same time, if we assume Russia is an irrational party in this conflict, then we'd probably all be dead already. A lot of this plays into his advantage to look uncuffed and a little insane. That doesn't make it the case.
Could it be true? Possibly, but we'd literally have no reason to think that \this\ time they mean what they say, because they almost never do. The way to de-escalate the war has been clear from day 1 of Putin's invasion: leave Ukraine. If they were genuinely frightened, they'd have long since backed down, so clearly they're not concerned at the possibility of ww3 starting even if their messaging would suggest that they are.
The one consistent thing about Russia is that there's never a semblance to integrity in what they say. Everything is propaganda, from the Russian bots to the official Kremlin announcements. When Russia says the U.S. should watch out or else war might start, what they really mean to say is they hope to hinder support of Ukraine by scaring people into the possibility of a world war 3.
I don't want to go all 'Murican, but after watching Ukraine bring Russia to its knees, I think a "real war" with the west would be very very different than what Russia is having now.
From what I've read, there's a real fear in Washinon that if we do get dragged into a conventional war and slaughter Russia too quickly, the war will go nuclear very quickly as a result.