Except that they openly value an unviable fetus or even an ectopic pregnancy over the life and well-being of a living human person, and victim blame at every possible opportunity (even for failed pregnancies that were wanted). We see it time and time again, and it's not just the politicians saying this. They run on exactly this platform, and people agree and VOTE FOR THEM.
I said they may not be the majority, but they're voting in enough numbers to put these people in office. You just used other words to say the same thing.
I can absolutely see them telling women they have to prove a miscarriage was natural (I dont even know if one can do that) and then charging them anyway for not being perfect incubators.
I'm talking about the regular, every day citizens. They actively do think that way. When you oush them about the deaths of women or subsequent infertility or unreasonable hospital bills, it inevitably falls to "It's God's will" or "they should've been more responsible with their body/money/health/"insert BS topic here". I say this because I've seen it way too often across social media, where I live, and in my family/(former) friends. Politicians will specifically tout removing ALL acess to abortion and people eat it up - they may not be the actual majority in the country, but they're voting in enough numbers to be very dangerous otherwise politicians would NEVER get this far.
I don’t even like the fact that politicians can decide what entails a threat to the woman’s health considering all pregnancies carry a risk of death or permanent injury and doctors are now letting women suffer when the fetus is dying because they’re afraid to terminate because of these laws.
While it’s important to continue to think of people having the best of intentions, there is abundant evidence that states with anti abortion laws have a higher rate of maternal deaths _even when including women who want their children_. I think knowing that data and doing it anyway… or refusing to listen to that data… at least should be called out as hostile in SOME way.
Well… I can understand why though. When everyone’s shouting and, more concerning than that, sometimes advocating murdering doctors or actually DOING that… someone saying “hey maybe some people who share similar connected concerns to those wackos might be human beings”… like… it’s hard to look away from the people advocating murdering doctors yknow? That’s an understandable human reaction to get angry at a perceived attempt to humanize that. We should still try to mentally separate the range of people involved in the discussion but I wouldn’t take it personally if people react the way they do. For many it’s coming from a place of wanting to help and protect people. The bad guys, if there are ones objectively outside of the people advocating killing people already outside the womb, it’s the people making bank off of encouraging people not to talk to each other.
The fear this bill produces has already resulted in doctors holding off on treatment until safety of the mother is so far gone and the mother is so septic that interventions are too late. That’s partially why maternal death rates are known to be higher in anti abortion states even if rate of abortions is down.
There’s strong evidence more women will die and equally strong evidence suggesting that the number of legal abortions just gets replaced with illegal ones with only slight decline. Unless there’s some manner of proof that the abortions “saved” matches the surplus women that die (which… that evidence hasn’t to my knowledge been compiled so they aren’t basing decisions on it) that seems a pretty blasé perspective on women deaths.
This bill seems to also target women that would get abortion related procedures on fetuses that die naturally from miscarriages… which incidentally is way more common than most people realize. How do you qualify if a D&C in a hospital bill is removing a live fetus or one that died from a miscarriage? It lists out that the bill doesn’t apply to natural miscarriages but How is it conceivably possible to determine if the miscarriage happened naturally or if the doctor is abetting a woman who forced one earlier in the day? Do women just go back to 1900 level maternal death rates just to be sure? That’s… a really high number of dead women… including ones that wanted to keep their babies.