Influenza has the ability to share gene segments between different strains. This is called Antigenic Shift. The danger here is that the more this H5N1 strain spreads, the greater the chance it goes through an antigenic shift that drastically alters it, potentially for the worst. All it could take is for the wrong bird to infect the wrong pig, where one of the pigs cells already infected with a different strain of influenza and is also simultaneously infected with the avian H5N1 strain. What could emerge from that cell could be a virus that makes COVID-19 feel like a mild case of allergies. The good news is that we've seen outbreaks of H5N1 in the wild before without it mutating into the strain we all fear. Chances are this outbreak will be no different, but give the virus enough opportunities to spread and it can eventually turn into the nightmare pandemic we fear.
Supply issues and rising prices are just everyday things now, people probably just assumed it was something related to that and not a massive bird flu pandemic.
As you've said, Covid was a surprise, but Influenza is what we've prepared for and it has high potential to cause massive deaths. The scale and severity of the bird epidemic illustrates that.
H5N1 is currently difficult to transmit between humans but when people do get infected the mortality rate is reportedly up to 60%. What we don't want is a shift in H5N1 where it becomes highly transmissible between people and remains highly deadly.
H5N1 is a virus that has shown the ability to cause high levels of lethality in humans (the highly pathogenic strains), easily sitting above 50% and climbing as high as 80% in some outbreaks. So far these infections have been through direct contact with infected birds and has shown very limited human to human transmission, so low it could not become a sustained epidemic. But the effects on its victims is merciless. They drown in a pool of their own liquified lungs as their bodies immune system goes haywire trying to fend off the attacking virus. Other non highly pathogenic strains of avian Influenza have fortunately been less severe, and we'll be very lucky if one of these strains becomes the one to cause an epidemic. Even then, a virus with a 15-20% fatality rate as opposed to 50% or 60% will still be devastating. And the lethality rate doesn't necessarily impact how transmissable the virus is as Influenza can spread before a person even shows any symptoms. Once it has spread, it doesn't really matter if the infected host survived or not, hence the lesser impact the fatality rate has on transmissability.