They burned that bridge the second their gambit of holding europe hostage over gas failed. Now China is going to become their main buyer and will have russia by the balls economically.
If they were able to have the US by the balls economically for decades, then they certainly can take advantage of Russia.
Actually it is a great move, because they can practically "buy out" Russia for pennies on the dollar. The Ruble has collapsed in value, most major Western Corporations have left Russia shortly after the invasion started, and Putin is desperate to maintain some semblance of stability within his country.
Yes, or at the very least they'll have a lot of troops stationed there and basically "wear the pants" in the relationship. As Russian military power would effectively be neutered by that time, they have no choice but to rely on Chinese armed forces, and are at their mercy. It's not unlike how much of W. Europe is so reliant on the US for defense, to the point where their own militaries were so horribly underfunded.
As much as I hate Xi Jinping's politics, it is a brilliant political move. If they can grow their influence in Russia by making it a vassal state, then, they can expand their influence -militarily- into Europe. Especially if Ukraine fails to take back Crimea, they could ask to station some troops over there, giving them a Warm-water port in the Black Sea and allowing them to project power further westward. Not to mention, they could move more Chinese people over into Russia to fight their own overpopulation problem.
Also, China no longer has an overpopulation problem. At least not with young people. The population is falling and they’re facing an impending demographic crisis. Unless they’re planning to send their elderly to siberia or something….
They’re trading access to the greater European economy for the burnt out husk of the Russian economy and a partner that violates treaties in the same way they do. Are they going to invade Russia when they inevitably blow off the agreement?
Russia, and by Russia I mean Putin, is desperate to keep this War going as long as possible. Its about nothing more than staving off the consequences for as long as he can, hoping for something to save him.