They deleted it and then added a long sentence saying criminals can be ordered to do community service or other programs that historically have been used for reformation and rehabilitation. Sounds to me like this was a nothing change and the status quo of slavery prison work programs are going to remain. Why include that sentence at all in a slavery amendment if it’s not meant to be a carve-out?
Why include this in the amendment at all if it's not meant to be a carve-out for slavery? Why not just strike out the old language and be done with it? Oregon's constitutional article on "Slavery and involuntary servitude" now has a sentence empowering the courts to force criminals into court ordered programs. It definitely sounds like a criminal exception to slavery to me.
Is the current penal system getting pretty darn close to slavery? Absolutely, and there desperately needs to be a change, but blaming the 13th Amendment is useless. The first step to solving a problem is to define it, and if your definition is wrong so will your solution be.
>There is, Mr. President, an essential difference between the emancipation of slaves and the abolition of slavery. The act of Congress of 17th July, 1862, set free certain classes of slaves. The President's proclamation of January 1, 1863, proclaimed freedom to those of certain districts. Both were measures of emancipation. The concerned the persons of slaves, and not the institution of slavery. Whatever their force and extent, no one pretends they altered or abolished the laws of servitude in any of the slave States. They rescued some of the victims, but they left the institution otherwise untouched. They let out some of the prisoners, but did not tear down the hated prison. They emancipated, let go from the hand, but they left the hand unlopped, to clutch again such unfortunate creatures as it could lay hold upon. This amendment of the Constitution is of wider scope and more searching operation. It goes deep into the soil, and upturns the roods of this poisonous plant to dry and wither. It not only sets free the present slave, but it provides for the future, and makes slavery impossible so long as this provision shall remain a part of the Constitution.
> Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States.
The first word of the phrase "Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude" referred to by "except" being "Neither" is a strong clue that the phrase is atomic- a clue you seem to be fastidiously ignoring.