No party has gone on to win the presidency when it’s incumbent president faced a real challenge in the primary.
If the sitting president is strong, a primary challenger isn't going to gain any traction. If Biden's prospects are so shaky that a primary challenge could be a problem, he should be thinking seriously of stepping down.
Open races are unavoidable, and we'll either have one in 2024, if Biden steps aside, as you'd prefer; or in 2028, if he serves a second term. It's all downside to force it earlier, because all it does is put the Democratic and Republican nominees on equal footing, rather than letting Democrats press their advantage. Like I said, it's unavoidable at a certain point, but that doesn't mean we have to like it, or make it happen more often. The only ones who benefit from handicapping the Democratic nominee are Republicans.
The point is, changing nominees voluntarily will probably result in a Republican win, and a Democrat who loses is probably done.
The "waste" comes from foregoing Biden, nominating another Democrat, and then inevitably electing whoever the Republican nominee ends up being, at which point the Democratic nominee will have been "wasted," because if Pete loses to DeSantis in 2024, he won't be the nominee in 2028 to go up for a rematch. But Pete could conceivably win in 2028, after a second Biden term. (Feel free to substitute any other Democrat for Pete). It wouldn't be a waste if the alternate Democratic nominee were to win, but, historically, that's highly unlikely.
I'd prefer someone younger as well, but the benefit of a younger nominee is far outweighed by the detriment of giving up the incumbency advantage. If Pete can run in 2024, there's no reason he couldn't just wait to run until 2028 instead. That goes for any other Democrat you can name. If we nominate someone other than Biden for 2024, we'll probably lose, and then 2028, instead of being an open race, will be an uphill battle against a Republican incumbent, which could very well mean the next opportunity to retake the presidency is in the open race in 2032.
Realistically, our choices are Biden, or the Republican, whoever that ends up being. And that's why nominating anyone other than Biden would be a waste. Republicans didn't put Bush back up against Clinton in 1996. Democrats didn't put Gore back up against Bush in 2004. Republicans didn't put McCain back up against Obama in 2012. Republicans didn't put either McCain or Romney back up in 2016. Candidates who lose the primary can get another chance, but a nominee who loses is done. Trump may be an anomaly, having been President, though that remains to be seen. The last time a losing nominee went on to be nominated again was Nixon, who, after losing the 1960 election was renominated in 1968. Before that was Cleveland, who won in 1884(!), lost in 1888, but then was renominated and won again in 1892. Before him was Van Buren, from before the Civil War. There are a couple others from the early 1800s. It happens, but it's extremely rare. Generally, a losing nominee is done, politically.