Compared to reporting from Iraq or Afghanistan, did you ever sense that you were targeted by Russian or separatist forces specifically because you had ‘press’ on your vehicle, as other press personnel (including colleagues of Benjamin Hall) have claimed?
I know postulation for the war ending is dangerous territory for journalists but are there any prevailing sentiments you have been made aware of during your coverage?
>Yes, journalists including myself have been deliberately targeted in wars I have covered, including Ukraine. The Bosnian Serbs deliberately shot at vehicles with press signs on them. And in Ukraine, the Russians fired a cluster bomb intended for us in the frontline village in which there was Ukrainian command post that we had just visited. The Russians apparently saw our vehicles from a drone. But fortunately, it took time for the drone operator to transmit our coordinates to the Organ missile crew that fired at us. We had already gotten to the front line trenches when they fired. We heard the explosions of the submunitions and the Ukrainians told all about this when we returned to the village. In my long experience as a war correspondent, I have come to understand that all front lines are essentially the same nasty, dangerous and bloody places in every war. I’m more interested in reporting on the reasons for the war and how it impacts ordinary folk. So, yes, I wrote many stories from front line villages focusing on how the civilians who chose to stay were living, the hardships they faced and why they chose to remain. I did the same in cities like Mykolaiv, where there was no fresh water because the Russians had destroyed the system intake, using water as a weapon of war. No one lost their credentials for going into Kherson without permission after the Russians withdrew, including yours truly. Re attitudes: I would say way more than 90 percent of Ukrainians want to fight for their independence, freedom and a European orientation. Especially young people who want to spend their vacations in Barcelona and not Sochi, There are some elderly people - mostly in the east - who yearn for the predictable days of Soviet rule, although you can only understand that my reading between the lines of their complaints about Ukrainian military operations and food shortages. - JSL.