>This makes for hilarious jokes and Finns are having a good laugh. But also feeling slightly disappointed that this is the level of commitment Russia is showing.
I wonder if this will be a turning point in the Russian public's perception of Putin. He just looks so fucking weak right now. He's been telling the Russians that they're at war with NATO and has been hitting Kyiv with missiles off and on for months. So now the "head of NATO" comes within striking distance and he does nothing? Doesn't even try?
It was a brilliant stroke. Putin can only say that it is proof Ukraine is a vassal state of the US. That's the best he can come up with. But really that doesn't make him look that good. If Ukraine is under US control and that's why Russia can't take Ukraine, then he looks like he lost the war.
Whatever the outcome of the war, Russia losing influence in Belarus would be large humiliation for any Russian leader. The cost of brutally suppressing Belarus unfortunately is still pretty low for Russia. Between paying the security forces of Belarus and using their own troops, it seems they would be capable of suppressing the local population as they have before.
And while mobilized troops probably are not well suited for repressing a civilian population, there are still plenty of Kadyrovites that can serve that purpose. Still, we'll have to see how it plays out, but overall the cost/benefit analysis for keeping hold of Belarus remains pretty good for Russia, and even in a defeat well within their means.
If anything, I could see Russia trying to make moves to integrate Belarus more fully as a "consolation prize" and PR vicotry in the scenario where they lose the war in Ukraine.
Personally I think Lukashenko is terrified that Belarus is going to be Russia’s “consolation prize” when this thing is over. There’s a lot of Russian soldiers all over Belarus right now and they could probably secure the country in a few days if given the order. Lukoshenko wants to be a slightly more threatening porcupine when that happens. If the people rise up he can escape to Moscow. If Moscow takes over he’s got no where to run.