The thing is, many don’t actually get information about what Democrats want to do from primary sources. They don’t trust anything blue and don’t even want to look at the people they perceive as opposing their livelihood. They never actually watch the speeches or read what Democrats actually say they want to do. They take whatever stupid thing their radio host says at face value. It is stupid, which is why the ammo shouldn’t be provided to begin with.
Democrats apathy toward the Midwest and especially the south doesn’t help much either. Bill Clinton was responsible for NAFTA, and that was responsible for manufacturing jobs leaving the country en masse. He also allowed the repeal of glass steagall and that turned banks into casinos that would ultimately cause the 2008 crisis. GWB accelerated it by never making a good decision his whole presidency, but the DNC actually made that monster. Then In 2016, Donald Trump paid attention to the people whose jobs were destroyed, pretended to be on their side, and made false promises of bringing back jobs. Hilary Clinton largely ignored the rust belt.
They should have opposed religious nationalism and racial nationalism so GOP wouldn’t have any leg to stand on for bad faith complaints about whites and Christians being persecuted. They already have the world’s most reality-denying victim complex so a little strategy and politicking should be used to corner them.
Highly disagree. If the priority is to virtue signal and not to affect positive change, then that will work, and will alienate lots of potential voters that otherwise might vote for good things. It’s obvious that Christian fascists are a huge problem, and they will not be convinced they’re wrong, but there are lots of Christian fence sitters that aren’t into the extreme cruelty that WILL take the statement as a personal insult because the media they listen to has ammo to spin it that way. Is it better to yell at fascists or to defeat them?
Edit: Seems simple enough: We should always oppose fascism. There's no gray there. "But what if a large majority / plurality / majority support fascism?" Then we should always oppose them, too.
At the end of the day: You don't defeat fascists by coddling "fence sitting" fascist-adjacent and fascist-supporters. They're the same people.