russia still has a diverse range of assets. The moving parts that are still moving (like the MAGA-infected republican party in the United States) probably bolsters their perceived odds, if nothing else to deal as much possible damage to the west while they're going down in flames. This would be in China's interest, and if they're selling themselves to China then russia is more or less a face shield now. Given the fact that russian leadership doesn't value human cost, their soldiers are just as expendable as the shitty material they send them to battle with. We need to support Ukraine with everything they need, but the fight to preserve freedom and democracy is a long road ahead.
Top priority in Russia's goals include Ukraine not to join NATO, and to be a buffer between Russia and the decadent Western world.
There’s two aspects to the question of Russias “endgame”: their original plan and their current situation/prospects.
Russias “endgame” in the current situation boils down to attrition. They simplified their strategy to the point where quality (of material/personnel/tactics) matters the least and are trying to turn it into a game of numbers, hoping that Ukraine runs out of either soldiers or western support before Russias is out of resources itself. Due to the lack of decisive victories such a strategy is likely to provide, the current “endgame” is probably aiming for creating a superior position for eventual negotiations. That’s assuming they stopped being delusional of course.
The quick military success failed to materialize for multiple reasons that I will not go into, because it’s not what you were asking. Let me just point out one thing: the way the Russians (and everybody else) misjudged their own and the Ukrainian military strenh based on historical bias, faulty information and plain incompetence may very well apply to our own (your) estimation of the Russian ability to control a (their) population.
The way Putin controls public opinion via various media sources is nothing short of astonishing: latest polling from the (reasonably trustworthy) Lewada institute had support for the war among Russians at 75%. In the face of his military blunders we do well to remind ourselves that Putin is not a former general, but KGB agent who worked among a foreign (east Germany) population.