I’m Georgi Kantchev, a WSJ reporter based in Berlin. I started reporting for the Journal in 2014 in London, covering energy and financial markets. After that, I was stationed in Moscow where I wrote about Russia and the conflict in Ukraine.
Investigators haven’t yet identified who’s responsible. That said, some European politicians have pointed the finger at Russia - which denies any responsibility. What both sides have coalesced around is the idea that the blasts weren’t accidents but sabotage. Swedish authorities, for instance, have said that they had found traces of explosives on several foreign objects nearby. But experts say that such investigations take a long time because the evidence is underwater and because whoever did this would have been covering their tracks. It’s a real energy and geopolitical whodunit and it might be a while before we know for sure.
As for Russian gas becoming available to Europe anytime soon, the war is not expected to and quickly and so it’s highly unlikely the energy relations between Russia and the European Union would go back to the same level as before the invasion. But even when the war ends, whatever form that end might take, going back to the way things were in terms of energy will be seen as politically and economically risky in Europe. After all, Moscow severed energy links with Europe this year that date back to the depths of the Cold War and in most European capitals Russia is now seen as an unreliable supplier. What’s more, the deep energy links that Europe, and specifically countries like Germany, which got as much as 55% of its gas imports from Russia, had before the conflict are now seen as a mistake - one that leaders here are unlikely to risk repeating.
Is it likely that European countries/EU will change their foreign policy towards energy players to reduce the dependency on Russian energy?
While Europe started preparing to cut its reliance on Russian gas as soon as Russia attacked Ukraine in February, at the time the assumption by European leaders is that they will use Russian gas in the next few years until they gradually reduce their imports. That calculation changed radically in June when Russia began cutting supplies via Nord Stream, the biggest pipeline to Europe at the time. By September, it had completely shut off Nord Stream exports. So Europe didn't have that much time to prepare and officials had to switch gears as they went along. What helped is warmer weather this fall (though temperatures are dropping now) and savings by consumers and industry. So overall it seems like Europe might avoid gas shortages this winter. Next winter, though, looks challenging.