Qatar sucks. Terrible horrific human rights record that persists to this day which is whitewashed with billions of dollars. Do everything you can to make Qatar 2022 as miserable as possible for those evil pricks over there.
People wake up to what a pile of shit Qatar is. And has been for a good long while. And FIFA has been rolling around in that field of turds for a few years now.
FIFA on the other hand, are corruption. They are made by it, they exude it, they smell of it, every room they walk into is tainted by their greasy fat fingers sneaking their way into pockets. They don't care. They're FIFA, essentially the 'owners' of the most popular game in the history of the planet. What are you gonna do, not watch football? Not play? Not buy jerseys, or tickets, or pints in a pub that has Sky Sports?\ Cause in some way, those aforementioned greasy fingers get a cut of all of that, because of how the sports world is set up.
\Sky sports is by far the number 1 sports channel in the UK and Ireland. For a pub to carry it, they have to pay a steep installation fee and then their yearly bill is actually based off how profitable they are. So the more beer you drink in a pub with sky (basically all of them), the more money flows back up to teams and in turn FIFA.
The way I see it is the Olympics have a lot of corruption in the system, but in a lot of cases they are looking to stamp it out. It's not excusable but the organisation is inherently vulnerable to bribes and back slapping, and they've rightly taken the organisation of boxing away from amateur boxing's international body because they were just completely taking the piss with it.
It was one of the most depressing things I have experienced related to getting older, realising that the people in charge of pro sports do not "love the beautiful game" or care about participation at all, unlike the grassroots members. They just want money, and they'll literally cover up fucking mass murder and slavery on an industrial scale to get more for themselves.