I watched it all the way through at least twice. It was my happy show. And then...2016...and ruined.
It's just too on the nose. It didn't really mean to be. It wanted to be outlandish parody. But it was too accurate.
Yeah. In terms of being the nominee, I think this largely depends on how Trump’s base reacts to someone who isn’t Trump winning (I don’t see Trump handing off the torch, and a win by DeSantis without Trump’s acknowledgement could be a pyrrhic victory) and also how much of the suburban base DeSantis could lose if he has to out-ugly Trump in order to clench the primary.
I’m not sure DeSantis would be worse than Trump. More focused (in implementing his terrible policies), yes. More acceptable to moderates (at least those who don’t know his policies would be more draconian than Trump’s), yes. The biggest thing that made Trump effective, though, was the cult of personality he generated, and the fact that people gave him a pass for being openly terrible, because “that’s just how he is”. I don’t see DeSantis attaining the same cult status easily, and his appeal to moderates is a double edged sword, in that, he couldn’t get away with many of the scandals that Trump could. This goes doubly with conservatives possibly (we’ll see) souring on the strategy of being as openly socially far right after Trump.
Yeah, it is an interesting mix, and following the money is always a good way to go. I would say that in 2016, interestingly, Republican money didn’t sway people away from Trump. I don’t think this cements him as an actual anti establishment politician, as big money largely got what they wanted after his administration got into office, but he definitely wasn’t favored by the establishment at first. In a sense, it was a Frankenstein’s monster situation, in that he catered to the bogey man scenarios that the right wing media conjured up better than any establishment politician was able to. Money certainly seems to be behind DeSantis, but it is unclear to me if they can craft a narrative that is compelling to both Trump’s hardcore base, and the disaffected suburban conservatives who voted for Trump once, but who now have moved to embrace more centrist candidates. If DeSantis is simply Trump policy-wise, but minus the charisma, this would be the worst outcome for him.
There’s really two separate questions at play in your comment: would desantis be worse than trump if elected?
And: would desantis be worse than trump as the republican nominee (as far as performance in the election goes)?
But I think he might not perform as well as trump as the Republican nominee. It’ll depend on what happens over the course of the campaign and if the moderate Republicans are successful at poisoning trump.