A buddy of mine has one of their rifles in .300 Winchester Mag. I have fired that gun once. It was not pleasant. Composite stock, not very heavy. Barrel was facing the sky when I opened my eyes again. Lol.
Apparently during the winter war between Finland and the USSR the Soviets were notoriously under equipped and poorly supplied. They were basically starving and the Finn’s were very good at preventing the Soviet’s supplies from getting through. They managed at one point to bait and ambush an entire column of Soviets by making a huge kettle of sausage stew, and letting the smell waft downwind where the famished soldiers could pick up the smell. The Russians found what they thought was a Finnish encampment that had been abandoned so quickly the food was still cooking over a fire. Instead of being cautious, or remembering that the Finns were never caught off guard they instead rushed to the stew and started gorging themselves. Guns were dropped, guards were let down and the Finns surrounded the Russians and blasted them all straight to commie hell.
That’s obviously what I was talking about, a hunting rifle. You think I was shooting a sniper rifle? I said a buddy of mine has one of their rifles in .300 win mag.
These new rifles are REPLACING old rifles. They still have the same number of snipers and designated marksmen. The only thing changing are the rifles. It's really no big deal. And $11M is nothing. A single old F-14 Tomcat by itself costs $38 M. $11M is the cost of 3 or 4 Bradley infantry vehicles or 55 Javelin missiles.
When the Army first adopted the M2010 the contract cost 28mil for 3,600 rifles; or 7,777 dollars per rifle.
I can get one of these rifles - imported by a reseller - for $15k CAD. They're probably getting it for closer to 10. Call it 20k after scope (assuming a high end milspec model, like the Schmidt & Bender PMII high power), and another $2k for miscellaneous parts (scope mount, magazines, brake and bipod). At current exchange rate that's about 15k euro per unit.