I’ll post this until I’m blue in the face. Right leaning polls are being pushed on the public as a Republican tactic. Do not believe 538 or any other msm polls. This information seems to be too corrupted at this point to extract any reliable data.
Please everyone read these, esp the info on PA, the data that’s being revealed, and start being more optimistic. I believe we can do this!
If no polls are accurately sampling Democrat’s turn out or youth vote, the information is already being depressed. Add the constant flood of right leaning polls entering the media and the averages start to skew conservative.
Look at the type of poll Republicans are flooding the media with right aligned polls all showing Republicans up while non-partisans like Marist, NYT and Monmouth are showing democrats up. So places like RCP and 538 are showing skewed results because of this flooding. The polls don’t seem to match reality when it’s coming to early voting numbers and it’s being theorized that young voters and new voters in 2018-present aren’t being accurately represented because they don’t count as “likely voters” because LV is usually adjusted for voting in at least the past 3 elections. You also have these partisan polls under counting the youth. The IA poll that came out right after the PA senate debate showed Oz up by 3 but their weighted sample of young voters which their range they used was 18-39 was only 14% even though normal participation on average is 20-28%. That’s not even counting that they used a massive age range and under weighted while had a majority of their respondents be white people between 40-64.
I don’t think it’s to dissuade people. I think it’s so when they lose they can point to the polling averages that the media and aggregators showed on Election Day (btw where is the Monmouth poll on RCP and 538. Interesting a poll showing Fetterman up by 4 would be excluded but bull shit ones wouldn’t) and cry foul. They are going to one way or the other obviously but people didn’t take them seriously in 2020 because they had no “proof”. Even though polls aren’t proof to normal people.