Because when no one cared about his dick pics, and no one cared about the pics of him (a known addict) smoking crack, that was where they went. The rumor mill started the old familiar pizzagate chestnut walnut about how it actually contained childporn and videos of him banging Obama's daughter.
The laptop is a catch all for every bullshit accusation made up by idiots online and spread by Facebook grandpas. "Oh, so the laptop is real, you say, then obviously all that other made up bullshit about it is real too.".
Then they would use it as "proof" that all the child pornography they claimed and even photoshopped him into was real.
I've seen nothing but nudity and drugs on that laptop except some obviously Russian photoshopped images with wild claims. What specifically are you referring to? If it's anything interesting related to Burisma it would've been out years ago. All that is a big nothing burger. Also, the laptop has been tampered with and traded hands so many times now between right-wing people so you could claim that anything originated there... which I'm sure they will.
Spare me the fake outrage. 154,000 e-mails on Hunter Biden's laptop and the most incriminating thing anyone could find after years and years of promises was nothing from Hunter himself but a friend of Hunter who said 10% of an unknown sum to the "big guy" who no one even knows who it's referring to. That gotta be as close to squeaky clean as you can get... Wow, Joe Biden potentially knew about some kind of arrangement and potentially benefited from it... but no one really knows and it's peanuts we're talking about anyway. Really hard hitting stuff here. .
The whole thing has their full attention. They have committees working night and day with the problem in hand. We all know they're not doing anything but putting forth a little lip service though.
I think we can all agree that Hunter Bidens dick has the GOPs full attention. They plan to go over every inch of it, making sure they have a deep, full appreciation for the topic. So help them God, they'll get to the bottom on it.