Yes, that is exactly what the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics chart shows. It is obvious that Trump policies caused the inflation, which NEVER EXCEEDED 2.9% during his 4 years of presidency, but within two months of Biden's policies taking effect, the inflation rate has NEVER BEEN BELOW 2.9%.
The simple but accurate definition of inflation is "Too many dollars chasing to few products or services." When Biden threatened to shut down fossil fuels, the industry reacted by slowing down or stopping production. This led to slightly less oil and oil related products available for sale. Because there was no corresponding effort to reduce demand, the ONLY thing that could happen is for prices to increase. Since oil is the most basic input into the ecomony, companies that were paying these increased fuel prices necessarily had to increase their prices, and so on and so on.
Oil companies thanked the Biden Administration for granting them the ability to earn record profits. They control a commodity that was suddenly placed in short supply. Reduced supply with no change in demand immediately foretells an increase in price. A high school sophomore in their first economics class knows this.
You apparently have no knowledge of economic concepts. Without agreeing or disagreeing with your suppositions on Trump and Bush, if they were funneling money OUT of the American economy, this would be deflationary.
You completely ignore that Trump borrowed roughly 10 trillion dollars from the American economy, (6T through direct borrowing and 4T through monetary policy). Of that $10 trillion, of which only about $1 trillion was paid into the economy in the form of stimulus payments. You can’t just remove $9T from a $15T GDP, and then blame the absolutely inevitable economic disaster on the next guy. It doesn’t matter whether you believe republicans did, or didn’t do the right thing in burning off $10 trillion. But every economist on the planet—even those who felt the debt was justified—were in unanimous agreement that the result would be explosive inflation. We could have elected Buddha next instead of Biden, it was never going to matter.