I don't agree with Russia invading Ukraine but I do believe many of their reasons for doing so can be understood. In the 90's NATO agreed to not expand eastwards, yet over the next two decades they did. Russia even applied to join NATO, but they were denied because NATO needs an "enemy". Imagine Mexico joined a military pact with Russia, do you really think the USA would allow this to happen? The Cuban missile crisis is an example of what happens when a country close to the US mainland befriends Russia. Yet, Russia was just expected to be fine with it.
The war in Ukraine is likely now to go on for decades. Russia, despite what western media has you believe, is not struggling. Countries will continue to buy their natural gas because they have to, they have huge stockpiles of weapons and manpower to continue this war for as long as it takes.
I don't see Russia invading Moldova and considering most of Europe are in NATO, Russia wouldn't attack any of them anyway. Russia don't want NATO on its doorstep in the same way I'd imagine the USA wouldn't want a similar Russian let organization on theirs. Look at the Cuban missile crisis for example. The US nearly caused nuclear war and yet Russia are just meant to roll over and allow it.
For the record I'm not pro-russian or pro-ukrainian, I'm anti-war and I feel like this war could have been avoided if NATO stopped putting Russia in a difficult position.
I'm not against supporting the war in Ukraine, but it's getting harder and harder to see our extremely wealthy leader gives hundreds of £millions to a foreign country when average people in the UK are freezing and starving.
The majority of people in our country are not aware of the reasons ukraine fighting off the russians is so important and understandably would be annoyed at the prospect of giving away money in large sums to other countries instead of funding out nurses .
Im in the forces myself , i have followed the situation in ukraine since feb24th . I am fully aware of the reasons for this attack and what we need to do to support ukraine .
I have yet to see any country express explicitly express any kind of support to Ukraine retaking Crimea or Donbas. A US official had said that Ukraine "has the capabilities" Of retaking Crimea but also stated that "it has no immediate plans of doing so".
Retaking Crimea and Donbas would be out of question though at this point. Morality aside, this would only provoke Russia to the extreme and may cause them to push the nuke button.