The ultimate power move. If every backstory is your backstory you can never accidentally give the wrong backstory to your enemies. Santos is truly a genius.
One reason is, Democrats tend to want to put more military spending into the USAF and USN and the Republicans have typically favored the Army and USMC in funding. Second, if I remember correctly. Most President who are democrats and vets have tended to be from the Navy (JFK and Carter). While Republicans who are vets tend to have served in the Army. Thirdly, well let’s just say the ASVAB scores can explain the third point. Or the branches with the types of jobs that tend to be more technical and require more brain power than running and push-ups tend to vote differently.
I’ll also follow up and I believe military times showed with polling. It also depends on the branch. The Army and Marine corps have favored the Republicans while the Navy and Air Force have favored the Democrats.
The most comical part about this is the military vote is typically GOP. So not only are they clipping their own direct votes of active deployed military they are also pissing off veterans who largely vote GOP.
It doesn’t seem like a smart political move to disenfranchise your base, make it harder for military members to vote and strip money from Medicare - who is the GOP trying to help (the 1% of course)?
It really doesn’t take much effort to discern how the GOP literally doesn’t care about the soldiers they often claim to care about and regularly use as political pawns.
Yet another gleaming example to throw on the ever-growing pile of evidence that shows how goddamn stupid much of the population is.
God damn the fact that neither mentions why people feel unsafe is maddening. Batshit right-wing (and even centrist) media is why these people are unjustifiably scared in the first place. The answer to the problem is right there for all to see but it’s not even part of the discussion.
And let’s not forget that our military is mostly GOP supporters, too. This fascist shit has infected all aspects of American life and our democratic institutions.