I think this shows that Putin doesn't have an exit strategy or a plan in general. This will drain Russia if he continues this, and unfortunately even with Western backing, it will drain Ukraine as well.
That is probably going to depend on Russias reaction to being driven out of Ukraine. If Russia continues to be an active adversary after all their troops have left Ukraine, then that leaves Ukraine no choice but to take out any threat that comes from Russia proper.
When Ukraine pushes russian troops out of their country (including Crimea). At that point just send U.S troops into Ukraine and dare those dumbass russians to strike.
Ukraine has already attacked targets in Russia. This needs to continue until Russia acknowledges that their invasion was wrong and takes the appropriate consequences.
First, the west unequivocally needs Russia to be defeated because allowing it to gain any sort of victory at this point threatens worldwide global security in many ways.
I'm pretty sure there is a point at which Russia would unleash nukes, but that point is certainly much more remote than Putin projects. If NATO were invading Russia to the point of having ground forces reaching the Kremlin or even using nukes in a (realistically never gonna happen) first strike against Russia then I'm pretty sure Russia would turn to their nuclear arsenal. Russia's threats are certainly nothing to fear but it would be silly to think its impossible to provoke Russia to a point of using them.
Third, the west needs to avoid an escalation to nuclear weapons exchange, so it cannot send its own forces or supplies that would create an existential threat to Russia. However the west can, and will, keep ramping up its supply to Ukraine enabling it to keep pushing rush out and inflicting losses heavy enough to force Putin to the negotiation table. The west has tons more aid it can send, including more effective aid, and more importantly it has the international public support and military industrial bases to keep supplying Ukraine indefinitely.