This is even more incomprehensible to people old enough to have seen the entirety of Trump’s career play out across tabloids. There was never a time in my life before 2016 when it was not absolutely clear to everyone that he was a sleazy bullshit artist who was always worth less than his bluster and had the tackiest low brow sense of opulence that always made him seem like a failed try-hard in the wealthy circles. Just a crappy obvious con artist that made belligerent life choices merely so he could get tabloid press, because real news outlets saw no value in following the life of this boring loud turnip.
And then a bunch of dipshits decided he was a flawless god? Like, seriously, Trump supporters are stone cold stupid. Like, I wouldn’t trust them with a spoon because they’d end up scooping their own eyeballs out. Dumb is simply not extensive enough of a word to describe how absolutely broke brain you have to be to hold these fawning thoughts about Trump.
Trump fucking warped America's brain. It's really weird and sad. The Trump family I have I refuse to talk politics with, but, I'm pretty good about navigating touchy subjects like fucking dinosaurs with these people (YEC, dinosaurs are the devil's work), so it wasn't hard, I don't see them that often, so who knows that they are thinking these days. Luckily, all of that family is weirdly attentive to medical advice, so I don't think many of them fell into anti-covid rhetoric as much. Obviously I didn't discuss it with them, COVID was a great excuse not to see them, especially because there's someone in all of those households who is significantly immunocompromised. I know they did take it seriously, at least for a while, because they were all very serious about quarantine. One of my cousins is a weird far right Orange County guy, but he has a terminal genetic disorder and is wheel chair bound. He's the only person I've seen bring up far right talking points, and, it's kinda like "I don't want to get into a screaming match with my cousin that has been stuck in a wheel chair his whole life..... I'm just going to let him keep on going".
As far as MDs in the area went, I'd say COVID was the final straw for most, though Trump wasn't super popular in the medical community as it was, despite it being such a hard right region. That didn't stop a few MDs I know from 'preaching' at church about how the vaccine wasn't necessary and just getting COVID would be the same thing. I know several of those doctors lost their license or are under review by the medical board. lol.
I saw COVID happen and it was a bit of a make or break for the medical community (I grew up in medicine, in a far right community). It was kind of humorous, as the medical community relied on so many LVN nurses who, are kinda dumb. Well, all these nurses and other medical workers (office staff, etc) became anti-vcxx for whatever reason, when there were vaccine mandates for employment in fucking healthcare they all decided to quit, I think they thought because nursing is in high demand that they would be able to find another job that didn't require it.... Because they are idiots.
Oh, I have a grandma in another part of the country, she's old and losing it a bit. Sweetest lady every, my whole life, but her doctors basically prescribed "cancel Fox News". She's in a very red state, surrounded by Trump people, so I think when Trump people say you've had enough Fox News it's pretty bad. She has great grandchildren that are black, gay, etc and loves them all. It's a very weird thing to see, because she really played the part of "nice, sweet grandma" in my life, my other grandma is cold and mean. She still is super nice and sweet, her brain is just scrambled on some topics. Very sad.