It’s the fact that America is one of the few places in the world that actually cares about working towards improving racism and talking about problematic things.
I’ve always tried explaining to people from the US how bad racism is outside of this country. We are beyond progressive here even with our issues. There are places out there who’s racism (like this man) would shock the average US citizen.
They all have the same skin color, how can they be racist? From what I read in his report it was just rich people oppressing poor people, racism is something else, I'm a black man I know what I'm talking about.
During my many business trips to gulf countries, I’ve observed this overt racism and slave-like treatment of migrants. Staying in the 33rd floor of Dubai’s luxury hotel, I once saw a south Asian worker outside my hotel window cleaning the glass exterior. He was doing this amidst the oppressive heat (110 F) that day and dangerous desert winds at that height. He was in a harness but still the rivers of sweat and contortions on his face told me he was in duress. I signed to him (as we were separated by thick glass wall) if he’d like some cold water that I could crack open one of the windows to give him. He did the namaste sign and shook his head no, and continued working and moved up to the next floor. I felt guilty of staying in a cool luxurious suite when a person like myself was toiling outside. There are many examples I observed of how people of color were treated, and a story of a migrant bus driver who couldn’t visit family even during crisis as his passport was locked up brought a tear to my eye.
As a person of color myself, the disparaging treatment bothered me so much I asked my gracious Arab host an uncomfortable question on why that is. I am of the same national origin as some of these migrants. He bluntly answered that I have come to “add” to their country’s prosperity whereas these people are there to “live off” their prosperity. And they know no citizen will do these kinds of “menial jobs”. This sums up the attitude in most gulf countries.