Suborning perjury indictments. Show that 6 to 20 Republican members of Congress created a false narrative and tried to get witnesses to testify these falsehoods to the Committee.
Ideally (though very unlikely) the arrested members will be faced with the choice of resigning and allowing their governors to appoint new legislators, or having the majority in the House shift.
If Josh Hawley, 3 other Republican senators, and especially, 15 House members are in jail when the new congress is sworn in, well, that is an ugly way to win the next Speakership, but if the conspirators are convicted, there can be no doubt it is deserved.
My only concern with this approach is that since there are so many Republican members of congress involved, what kind of shitshow will ensue if and when say, 8 or so members of the House and a few Republican Senators get indicted on conspiracy charges. If they get arrested right away, it throws the balance of power off now that they have the House and they will go to the ends of the earth to protect that newly acquired power as they always do.
Honestly, I want the Congress men and women involved in the conspiracy to get pinched more than Trump himself. Trump's indictment would be inevitable, but the enablers and people who will work incessantly to undo or block accountability will still be in powerful positions in government, even if he is. They will work tirelessly to protect themselves, Trump and the whole situation, since they know he will throw them all under the bus if he gets nabbed before them.
Trump would never have been able to get as far as he did without their help. And they for sure have some tangible role in the conspiracy. They will work hard as hell to cover themselves and bury this, especially with control of the House and all its resources. Then their base will lose their shit if that power goes away at all or worse, if their heroes get removed and/or banned from power. They've put an unruly amount of identity stock in the worst congressmen because those are the ones "fighting back" for them, and for that godawful reason, their own identities and souls will get crushed when their heroes' do, which makes them every bit as dangerous as those they revere and prop up.
The current body of democrats in government don’t have the stomach for real justice without fear of political retribution, which is so cowardly and telling of their true values and character.