That, and this case doesn't exactly help Republicans. Sure, it would let them gerrymander North Carolina, whose lawmakers brought the suit - but the only other states that this would impact in terms of gerrymandering are almost all blue, including some of the big ones like NY and CA. It would be something like a +12-15 seat swing to the Democrats.
SCOTUS isn't forced to just flip an on/off switch on this. There's a lot of aspects to the ISL doctrine/theory, and even if they indulge some part of it, they don't have to indulge or even consider others. As I pointed out, SCOTUS already rejected a case that tried to assert ISL in a presidential election against state court rulings.
Only if the most extreme form is adopted - and SCOTUS has already recently rejected a case that asked to do just that.
Now, certainly nothing stops SCOTUS from overreaching and ruling on that too, but given they rejected a similar case I'd say it's unlikely they intend to do so.
Rather, I'm just pointing out that if/when some of the right-wing SCOTUS justices rule against this request, they're not doing so out of pure legal thinking - there is a very significant pro-Republican reason for them to do so.
I mean, I'm not a legal expert, but given that ISL would put the rule making power nearly entirely in hands of the state legislatures alone, then it will definitely guarantee that the right wingers will stretch it to change as much as they can get away with.
But how that happens would come down to the state legislatures under ISL, and republicans have total control (both state house and state senate) in 30 out of 50 state legislatures.
There's no question that Republicans would far prefer to be able to override the popular vote via state legislatures than avoid some bad PR by allowing that to be legal.
Doesn't this case also allow for those GOP controlled state legislatures to discard the "old" method for selecting electors for the electoral college and instead allow for those 30 GOP controlled state legislatures appoint their very own state electors regardless of the dictates of the popular vote?
Naw, I'm sorry but it doesn't help the dems, if primary decision making power about federal election rules is given to the state legislatures, given that republicans control 30 of the state legislatures. Which is what is ultimately at stake here.