"Russia will train Belarusian Air Force crews to operate aircraft “which have already been refitted to carry and possibly use air-launched ammunition with special warheads,” Putin told reporters Monday after his meeting with Lukashenko in Minsk, according to BelTa, in an apparent nod to nuclear weapons.".
Well well. Russia forcing Belarus to use nukes on Ukraine. If this happens, NATO nukes the shit out of Belarus and Putin can watch and analyse the outcome without him facing any consequences.
I reckon the outcome would be an invasion (no nukes) by Poland and the Baltic states of Belarus. Putin wouldn't learn much from it though as I doubt a single person in Belarus would resist.
He did once say that if nukes were to go off Russia wouldn't be the first to launch. Got to give him credit; he's dumber than he looks if he thinks anyone will believe Belarus did it on their own.
Not sure what would change if Belarus could be blagged into doing it. I suspect exactly the same + 1 crater in Belarus where an airfield used to be.
Russia would still carry the can, because Belarus aren't going to be launching any nukes on their own. Belarus as Belarus is under no threat from anybody, and that's proven...the initial attack was launched in part through Belarus and Ukraine has not retaliated to Belarus as a nation, because everybody knows Russia was reaching up and working Lukashenko like a muppet.
Doubt it'd happen, but I wouldn't want to be anywhere near the launching site if it did. Or near any Russian military equipment, come to that. NATO has had more than 9 months to work out a plan. They've probably got some sort of Python script "Just Do It!" button by now.
Might not be necessary...from what I read most/much of Belarus military wants no part of this Ukraine thing. So slapping down more than the people who actually did it might be counterproductive. It's possible that - were such a nuke and consequent Russia-drubbing to take place - the Belarus military might well hoof Russia and/or Lukashenko from the country.