The Russian Military Industry can't keep up with the war demand and Putin won't stand for any pathetic excuses like "We can't source parts because of sanctions", or "We're broke", or "You sent most of our trained machinists to the front and they're now all dead or defected".
Maybe he shouldn't have attacked a nation who used to make guided munitions for Russia—the very munitions Russia needs to effectively wage war—and who cut off the supply as soon as Russia seized Crimea.
Miscalculating Russia's and Ukraine's strenh and the western response was definitely a mistake no matter your values, but the invasion itself wasn't done out of stupidity. Even if Russia steamrolled Ukraine, both Russia and Ukraine would have ended up poorer and their citizens worse off. Yet Putin still chose to invade because he doesn't consider that important.
Putin didn't take stupid pills and decide to invade, he supports an ideology that values meeting the strategic goals of a country and its leader above the prosperity and lives of its citizens.
The invasion of Ukraine isn't a stupid decision if your set of values doesn't consider things like the prosperity of your citizens or the development of your economy important.
Understanding the values of dictators is valuable to not repeat the mistakes of European countries who thought they could stop Russian aggression by economic incentives, wilfully blind to the fact that the Russian government didn't care about anything like that.
Putin and Russian officialls shouted aboit their ideology for years, yet European nations and the EU pretended they could get use an economic argument to stop Russian aggression, ignoring the Russian government cares more about conquest and power than prosperity.
Not like Putin was a mastermind hiding his values, he continuously repeated them, and European leaders just ignored him and pretended he had the same values as them. It is willful ignorance on part of European governments, not Putin's non-existent genius that is at fault.
Uh except invading Ukraine WAS a stupid decision, no matter what Putin thought of himself, his values, whatever. The facts were his military was full of corruption and outdated tech technology and he was stupid enough to trust his military leaders, who are a part of that corruption. Your first paragraph was spot on, then you went off the rails lol.