Odd how I grew up with a gas stove in the house along with a gas furnace and hot water heater. All of them had pilot lights because this was long ago. No one in my family has any asthma or other respiratory problems. Today, I have the modern equivalent of the gas furnace and stove. I also spent money on digital detectors of carbon monoxide and even gas leak detection. All are at zero. And it is typical of democrats to invoke the unfair to the 'black and Latino' community or children when there is absolutely no basis on those claims as gas stoves are used by every race. Like, they make it seem like minorities flock to gas appliances but no other race does.
I had electric heat and stove in this house for a few years and the bill for electric was high and I have a good size solar array that could not keep up with the baseboard heat. Also, cooking with electric sucks on the stove top. I cannot just drop the heat by turning a knob. It takes time for the burner to cool to its new setting so some things may burn or boil over, unless I move the pan over and expose a hot burner. Gas does not have that problem. The electric oven was OK though.
That's how mine is, just vents through the microwave into the kitchen. I always open my windows when I cook with it however I'm not interested in switching to electric since gas is better (in my personal opinion) for cooking.
I do also agree that cooking on a gas stove is superior to an electric stove, although induction cooking is a big step up from a typical electric stove.
Gas is definitely better than old school electric for cooking, but there's people that swear by the new induction stove tops and say they are at least equivalent to gas in the heat control you get.
It's then a question of what's more efficient: heating water in a pot on the stove with natural gas, or using natural gas to generate electricity and distribute it through the grid to your home.
I don't have sources or hard numbers, but stoves and pots are engineered for convenience and durability, whereas power plants are engineered for efficiency. I'd bet the same mass of natural gas can be converted into more electrical energy in a power plant than into heat energy in food in a pot.