Funny how those judges did not grant abortion clinics the same safety when abortion was legal. And the judge’s’ integrity should be more important than their safety but this Court has only 3 out of 9.
The only way judges will truly be safe is if there's actual accountability within the system... Otherwise eventually accountability will be attempted outside of the system.
If separate but equal had worked (Which it's obvious there was no way it would), then I would have upheld Plessy V. Ferguson for lack of 14th amendment issues.
They made that ruling as wide as possible, and rewarded decades of fishing expeditions and judge/case shopping by Republicans.
But you're obviously fishing for crap, knowing full well how inconsistent the conservative justices have been, and not just with inconsistent rulings, but also with making the rulings as wide-reaching as possible, to say nothing of the obvious bias shown toward one party when it comes to putting holds on certain policy changes that they wouldn't do in the inverse only a few years ago.
He is incorrect in gaslighting us by casting any criticism of the Supreme Court as merely honest disagreement of opinions rather than questions about legitimacy, corruption, and partisanship in the land’s highest court. I almost never agreed with Scalia, but I always believed his opinions were rooted in a deeply held judicial philosophy. By contrast, I have not seen anything in the current court that dispels the concern that their rulings are anything other than naked partisanship. By claiming people are just unhappy that a ruling didn’t go their way, Roberts does a disservice to the court’s legitimacy with such a response that amounts to little more than “How dare you question the Court’s legitimacy!”.
Let’s see, we have judges who are appointed for life with no reasonable accountability, and they spend their time revoking peoples’ rights and ignoring the constitution. I can’t imagine why they would be concerned about their security. A nope nope.