I must point you to the last time the Freedom Caucus (HFC) ruined what they had - Speaker Boehner being pushed out through resignation not too long after theb Rep. Mark Meadows of the HFC filed a motion to vacate the chair (which failed in votes). Boehner ran the House with the HFC being a constant thorn in his side from 2011-5. They tanked a lot of potential, transformative deals between Boehner and Obama, from immigration to infrastructure to the holy stone of 'entitlement' reform that the GOP has been salivating over since the creation of Social Security under FDR and Medicare/Medicaid under LBJ.
Do not underestimate the power of the HFC and like-minded individuals to fuck up the House, the Congress, the country and the world, especially when it comes to the debt ceiling this summer. It's going to be a very rough 2 years, regardless of McCarthy keeping his Speakership or not. As long as the GOP, and the moderates therein, insist on negotiating with those hostage takers, and they will every time and have with the changes pushed onto McCarthy to be elected, the dysfunction in the GOP caucus in the House will reverberate. The moderates should've done a deal with moderates in the Dem caucus and created a unified House, but that could never happen in the era of Trump and the TEA Party inheritors.
When the House turns into a joke with a weak speaker that's beholden to a minority within his party, and we see plenty of news headlines about what a mess it is, none of them will note that the Democrats chose this as well.
It would have been massively unpopular, but now I am wishing 5 Dems had gone to McCarthy and said, "You can have our votes on condition that every committee has an even number of members, and half of them are Democrats.".
Yeah. Social Security is actually popular, government shutdowns are not, and defaulting on the debt in order to cut Social Security has about as much public appeal as it sounds like….
Yeah. Using it as a demand would be even more ridiculous because it’s part of mandatory spending for a reason and would require a filibuster-propf majority in the Senate.
Their ability to function as a majority has been hobbled by deterioration of their base and especially by these midterm elections. If not, they would have actually been capable of passing a campaign platform in 2020, would have ridden a red wave on the State and Federal levels, would have been able to maintain control of the Alaska legislature, would not be so hopelessly divided in Kansas and Pennsylvania, &c.
Oh it’s not over yet, to be sure, but we’ve crossed the watershed line since 2022 and the Republicans are riven by factional infighting. Remember, they caved in the Senate the last time they tried holding the debt ceiling hostage.