Edit: downvote me, keep sticking your head in the sand because you don't want to put in the work to keep yourself and others safe, I guess.
Yep, I'm saying the government is wrong. Just read the article in the post. Mild symptoms at time of infection doesn't mean you won't get long covid, or the brain and organ damage that seems to accompany a ton of covid cases.
In my case there’s different possibilities but I do find it odd my symptoms are shared by many long covid sufferers.
Anyway I kept getting sick during Covid times (terrible cold like symptoms), always testing negative, and then in August of last year I started having very severe unexplainable symptoms that I’ve had for months now.
And I’ve often wondered if maybe I have long covid, especially because I’ve heard of numerous long covid cases with my exact symptoms: pins and needles/skin crawling sensations, internal tremors / buzzy/ vibration sensations that especially worsen at night.
>The eye-popping range of issues linked to long Covid raises questions about whether all are ascribable to viral infection, particularly since two of the most widely reported symptoms—fatigue and brain fog—are also commonly associated with stress, depression, anxiety, and functional disorders like FND. Since 2019, rates of people reportedly experiencing depression and anxiety have quadrupled, according to some estimates; loneliness and isolation spiked as well. One recent study found all of these things to be highly correlated with long Covid. Cell-level and hormonal findings along the lines of those in the Putrino and Iwasaki study have also been observed in chronic pain, post-traumatic stress disorder, and depression, but often don’t seem to correlate with symptoms, and it’s unclear what any of it means clinically, or whether there’s any causal relationship. Finally, an NIH-sponsored longitudinal study on long Covid—the most thorough and detailed analysis of the condition yet produced—found no tissue damage in long Covid patients, no evidence of viral persistence, and no abnormalities in any organ function relative to controls. “We are finding little to no abnormalities,” lead author Dr. Michael Sneller told NPR before the study’s publication. “Echocardiogram, pulmonary function tests, X-rays, brain MRIs. You name it. Laboratory markers of organ dysfunction. We’re not seeing any of that … and precious little evidence of immune activation.… I’m running out of tests to do, basically.” One association his final paper did find, however, was an association between long Covid and anxiety disorder.