SF is so expensive because much of it is zoned single-family housing, where building multifamily housing is illegal.
San Fransisco has around a dozen enormous high density mixed used housing projects ever year...Its not a lack of housing thats the problem, its the cost of living. Your average blue collar worker cant afford to live there, you work for the city...You cant afford to live there either.
It has nothing to do with supply of housing, when they are constantly building large housing projects. There are multiple issues. Corporations and Banks buying up property and holding units and homes empty to manipulate the housing market. Or Cities and Corporate interests colluding together to drive up property values to increase taxes and profits. Banks and Corporations intentionally overbidding on property to drive up prices. If developers can only profit off of making high end custom homes and luxury apartments, a large percentage of the public is not going to be able to afford to live in new housing. New construction drives up the cost of existing housing...Because there is absolutely no way to outbuild demand.
Building more housing just increases costs, developers require profit. Building during the pandemic or on the edge of a recession increases cost of living even more so...Due to cities going into debt paying developers money to build. Cities requiring rental licensing and new building codes, new energy efficiency codes spirals up the costs. When cities pass mandates to build all electric in cold climates insurance rates go up, gas connection fees go up, gas utility fees go up...
Failing to address the obvious, because you are some sheltered studious wonk doesnt make you correct. Go to Berekely and then spend the afternoon in Richmond. My cousin just bought a house over there for 200k. In the bay area. Theres housing its just not where people want to live, yet.
There is no actual shortage on housing. There is a shortage of 'affordable housing.' The answer to that is, vote different or dont move to these cities. The people living there sure as fuck dont want you to move there.