I mean, I don't see the Palestinians protesting against their government like the Iranians. In fact, they'd rather blow up Jewish children instead. They're such nice people! /s.
If your government start locking up jews, stoning lgbtq, and oppressing women then I'm sure people would start protesting. It's funny how most Palestinians don't seem to care that and only believe jew=bad...
They don’t want to be Israel most Palestinians hate Jews and by extension Israeli citizens. Jordan did occupy the territory at one point and that would’ve worked out if the other nearby Arab nations didn’t get all pissy about it. Why did they get pissy you ask? Because they like the current situation it allows them to get rid of undesirables and allows terrorist organizations that are funded by these nations to attack Israel without them having to actually go to war. On the matter of war every single country that borders Israel would attack them the second they think they could win and they have launched coordinated unprompted wars on Israel in the past. Yeah ultimately the people living Palestine get fucked but there isn’t really anything Israeli realistically could do to help stop that.
That’s the point people willfully ignore: Palestine is basically a dumping ground for refugees and undesirables from surrounding Muslim countries, used as a buffer to and proxy battleground for Israel. Palestinians are pawns in a F’d game of Stratego between a bunch of countries that hate each other but know better than to get into an outright open shooting war directly.
If they don't accept Israel's right to exist and instead stand for violence, they are different shades of terrorists and nothing more.
All the Palestinians need to do to end the conflict and be on their way to a country of their own is to announce publicly and honestly that they accept Israel's right to exist and are letting go of the violence.
2 Million Palestinians, out of only 9M total population mind you, are living as Israeli citizens, complete with an ID, full rights, have a few parties in the government (Last elections even made it into the coalition).
Yes it does. Israel is the stronger side and can make the other side a literal parking lot by the weekend.