Earlier, my father insisted that Zeldin was ahead in the polls and would likely win. I insisted that the recent polls I saw put her 7 points ahead. He insisted that I was wrong and they were probably liberal polls.
My guess was that there was one of the Republican polls (like Rasmussen) that always take the results and then add to the Republican total because they assume that the Republicans have to do better. FOX likely reported on that and my father saw it and said that Zeldin was going to win. It could also have been FOX spinning the already spun NYT's "it's a close race" though.
What I really need to do one day is look up the ownership of the local TV stations my father gets. He's always claiming that it can't just be a "FOX says" thing because he looks at these other stations and they are reporting the same thing. It could be a case of him hearing what he wants to hear. He's notoriously bad about that. If you don't disagree with him hard enough, he assumes you've agreed with him and will use you as "proof that even liberals agree with the Republicans now." However, it could also be that some of his local stations are owned by Sinclair and thus parrot far right talking points just like FOX does.
With 81% reporting, Hochul is up 54.1% to 45.9%. That's an 8.2 point lead. Looks like the polls I saw were more accurate than the ones my father saw.
The polls were pretty accurate. The problem was reporting. For example, the NY Times conducted one poll where Zeldin was within 5 points and rather than weigh it against other polls they had done or other polls that others were doing, they took that one poll at face value and ran with it.
On the same day I listened to a NYT podcast and a 538 podcast - the NYT podcast went hard on "it's a close race and Hochul made a huge mistake in not campaigning" and the 538 podcast said "it's a data point. She's still up by 9 points in the model. Let's see what their next poll says before we put much weight in it.".
“Gov. Hochul gave herself nearly $1 billion for a slush fund in this summer’s state budget, with no restrictions on what projects or groups she could spend the money on. It allowed her to hand out cash with no review by the Legislature.”.
Hochul was the lesser of two evils. Spending billions of taxpayer money for stadiums & bs projects. $68 million taxpayer money spent on handling police misconduct cases between the months of Jan-June2022. Education system in ny is severely lacking especially in black & brown neighborhoods. Housing is nowhere near affordable anywhere in the city. Shelters & supportive housing programs ran by nonprofits are lacking in resources and livable wages for their employees. Drug use is running rampant bc of the amount of mental health issues that are prevalent in areas ridden by systemic poverty. If she really cared about crime, the people of New York, she would tackle those issues first. But we all know she’s not. Zeldin definitely wouldn’t have. There really weren’t any good options for this race.