Today we had no missile strikes and no drones, so it was very quiet yet again. We only had a single air raid alert today, and it was uneventful as usual, which is a good thing. Apparently the part of Kharkiv oblast that is closer to the Russian border still continues to get shelled every day, and that probably won’t stop until the war ends, but at least it doesn’t go unpunished, as Russian positions in Belgorod oblast are shelled regularly as well.
Even though people are still skeptical about Russian retreat from Kherson, so far it looks to be the repeat of Kharkiv front; it certainly does seem to disintegrate just as fast. A lot of people were predicting that it will take them weeks to leave Kherson, but at the pace it’s going right now I don’t think that it will take them more than a week, because we are getting reports of a new town being liberated almost every hour.
Mykolaiv’s governor is already hinting at Chornobaivka being liberated, which would mean that we are already just outside of Kherson; there are also reports of gunfights happening in Kherson’s suburbs right now. Another good thing that will happen once Russians leave Kherson is that they won’t be able to shell Mykolaiv any longer, which is what they were doing daily all this time. Same thing happened when Russians were thrown out of Kharkiv oblast, they weren’t in range anymore, so the shelling just stopped.
So when the higher ups in the Russian military ordered the withdrawal from Kherson, did nobody tell them that all the river crossings were fucked? Or do they really not care about stranding thousands of their best trained troops on the wrong side of the river with Ukrainian artillery raining down on them? Regardless, it's a head scratcher. I swear, it's like Russia has been giving the rest of the world an object lesson on what not to do when invading another country every step of the way.
It is not like The Russia didn't try, but despite preparations for months, the mobilization, weapons from Iran, Belarus and NK, etc, The Russia is not able to hold on.
At what point does russia capitulate so they can maintain some level of military readiness for defense? Imagine losing half your shit & being strangled by sanctions at the same time. What a weiner Putin is.