people who study gender studies go into other fields and use what they learn to affect the work they do. i know a highly successful real estate agent that makes a ton and credits her degree with her success. degrees are NOT the same as licenses - you actually learn knowledge that helps you understand and approach the world better. people doing gender studies degrees become lawyers, doctors, ministers, teachers, counselors... i've interviewed a lot of people who got gender studies degrees for a project i did - the only ones in low-paying jobs are the ones that would be in low-paying jobs regardless of the degree that got.
See this is where you are adding a law degree, teaching degree, psychology degree, etc together with said degree of gender studies. Your real estate agent would have done the same without that degree. Literally wasted a fuck ton of money to get it because it does nothing for real estate. In order to become a councilor, you need more schooling that just a gender study degree. In order to become a doctor, you need way more than a gender studies degree. You literally just stated that people with a hobby of a degree get positions requiring other degrees for their careers. Boy do I feel stupid reading what you just wrote.
Conservative here and don’t agree one bit. For one how can you legislate something like CRT that has no clear definition within even “experts”s and two of people want to study gender that’s on them. The tax payer just shouldn’t have to be left with the bill of people entering a very low paying and low number field post graduation…. Because we don’t need 2 million gender studies students when there is probably .1% of the jobs available for it lol….
People should do what they want, as long as it doesn’t impede on anyone else’s rights and safety. Period.
Now how do all those career paths earn their licenses without a degree other than a real estate agent or a minister? Can I just go take my bar license, medical license, etc just from reading a book and taking the test without a degree?