Well they were on the verge of launching nukes into Ukraine when cooler heads prevailed and they can either start nuking Ukraine or attempt to attack the US, NATO, or other allies escalating a war that our president has no hesitations about supporting.
Russia has been hesitant to send aircraft deep into Ukraine (where these batteries would be deployed), leaving them using stand-off weapons to attack them, the very weapons that Patriot is built to take out.
Addendum: MANPADs can’t effectively counter this and if Ukraine runs out of air defense munitions the Russian Air Force will move to medium altitude and render them useless.
If Russia can produce shitty drones and missiles at a higher rate than the west can produce effective air defense missiles than they can exhaust Ukraine’s current supply of missiles. The west has given two NASAMs launchers to Ukraine and four more will arrive by November of next year. I would be shocked if they get more than eight Patriot launchers in total. Ukraine doesn’t really have that much air defense that can counter ballistic missiles.
Russia can't deploy anything but missile artillery and drones as it is. They aren't suddenly going to find some new capability to deploy against the patriots or they would have already used it to knock out the Anti Aircraft systems that Ukraine is already successfully using to keep their planes out.
I get the arguments that Patriot is vulnerable because it is, but I think the reality is that the fact that Ukraine STILL retain enough anti-air to deny Russians free reign over the country puts lie to the notion that these are going to be sitting ducks. The Patriot system is HIGHLY effective against ballistic missiles, drones, and cruise missiles, which to date are all that Russia has been able to actually field in Ukraine in any significant number.
Patriot missile system are defensive systems so Russia is upset if we shot down even ballistic missiles.
The Patriot missile system has a LONG history of defending against exactly the sort of attacks that Russia is using against cities and infrastructure in Ukraine. I doubt its being intended to do anything more than exactly that.