Well, Yes and no. You make it sound like they resorted to drafting every last One they can get, when really they haven't even started seriously drafting/mobilisation yet. Unlike Ukraine which has gone full mobilisation immediately. Most of Russias potential manpower is still sitting at home. So, desperation only in the sense that Putin fears the potential backlash of more mobilisation. But if Ukraine keeps on striking within Russia, there is a Chance the Population gets behind him, and that would be a Problem.
Problem is, those long range weapons could backfire. While totally understandable, firing back into russian borders is a dangerous Game and straight up opposing NATOs strategy. As it could end up helping Putin to get support among the russian civillians for mobilisation, which he so far does not have. And Russia full on mobilising is no joke. Even with the lack of proper equipment.
No, the US and rest of NATO also share that oppinion and dont want you to strike inside Russia. They are worried Putin might Bomb his own people in a false flag Attack and blame it on Ukraine, to get more support. And NATOs tactic is the opposite, get the russian People to turn on Putin and take him out. Bombing Russia, even just military targets, will most likely Not help.
You can claim its Propaganda as much as you want, but its no secret what our Plan is. And while the main hope was the rich oligarch to turn on putin because of the sanctions, that clearly failed. But it now looks like it might work on the regular russian People slowly. Open critic on Putin and the war is slowly appearing in Russia. And the drafted civillians are unhappy with how shitty everything is, like equipment and Food, other supplies. Its slowly falling apart. You just got to hold the line a bit longer. So far you are doing more than great. Otherwise, if Russians dont go against Putin, and China keeps helping them to survive the sanctions, this war could go on for years and years, because they can just keep drafting more People from their massive populace, keep replacing the losses. But at the moment, Putin does not have the support for that, thank fuck, he allready got backlash when he did that relatively small draft, like two Months ago.
Putin saw the writing on the wall and moved in with (relatively, at least compared to today) little issues.
Two reasons Russia invaded in 2014; their port in Crimea and the second largest natural gas reserves in Europe that were found the year prior in the Donbas region/Eastern Ukraine.
Ukraine still controlled a lot of resources into Crimea, like fresh water, at least I’ve read that was a big motivation for Russia to try taking more control in the surrounding region.
Rostov-on-Don is inside Russia, and Ukraine has no intention of taking Russian territory. Ukraine has made it very clear that they are fighting for their own territorial integrity.