They exist in Canada, the mere fact they do makes me believe they are there to make sure Chinese Canadians put china first.
I don’t like that it makes me question their loyalty. I don’t blame them. I blame their government. They certainly are not making it easy on their citizens who want to immigrate for legitimate reasons.
As for the part about immigrants, the vast majority coming from high income backgrounds want to live work and be. The engineering school near my liquor store had a lot of arab foreign nationals buying alcohol. It was annoying to have to inquire as to wtf was going on in these UAE and Saudi passports but the majority of the women were typical grad students. Another Saudi was getting a specialized med degree. I think it's interesting that it was these women in what are seen as backwards countries but they often came with financial backing. The Arab men were some of the students but the majority of Arab men were likely to work at the Amazon sorting center. It's the state of globalization now. One of the few female students that frequented on weekends developed an addiction but swore never to stray from the Stella Artois Cidre, and was noticeably sheepish coming in, for an alcoholic at a liquor store. Very interesting cross section of clientele.
This was spun a million ways in the covid era but at its heart it's just classic patent theft but it's so widespread now that even on patent pharmaceuticals are made in chinese labs in raw form. My on patent Rx was $25 for 2275mg but I could get 10g on chinese ecommerce platforms. 100g was like $60 and 1kg $90. Larger quantities seemed unreasonable. I just was testing it out. direct comparison of samples showed it was a less pure product with a %10-15 cut of cornstarch which was crude and thus didn't pass the eye test but did indeed contain a good percentage of the active ingredient. Like everything it was a cheap knockoff.
In relation to China the government's adversarial stance towards the US geopolitically makes them fleeing persecution from their home governments. Spygate on the homeland is an added factor with intel Chinese possibly flipping informants within their communities etc. I think it's still more like Cubans as they flee. The US is relaxing migrant policies on geostrategic points of Haiti, Nicaragua, and Venezuela as well. There used to be a dumb joke avout the Miami authorities sending back haitians that washed ashore. There's so many immigrants at times it can feel daunting. My current neighborhood is only 20% white with a lot of Haitians, Jamaicans, Arabs and South Asian Muslims, Latins and then regular black folks. There's also conflict between the West Indians and regular black folks adding a layer. It's all good these guys all are here for the melting pot. There's thriving West Indian and Arab fast food spots. Mexican ice cream shops. We can absorb many more immigrants and if someone sees you more than twice nobody starts problems. I can be out even at weird hours and it's relatively safe too.