Moldova needs to take the steps to eliminate the immensely powerful Russian plants just like Ukraine is. The general population hates Russia, the sizable PAS majority is evident of that. They have the government and foreign means to end the conflict but corruption must end before any real change.
Absolutely not. Ukraine has never held irredentist ideals and never will. An invasion will destroy all western goodwill forever. Transnistria borders both Moldova and Ukraine equally and also roughly holds an equal amount of Moldovans, Russians and Ukrainians. Moldova has always unquestionably held rightful claim, even in Soviet times. The area really is just another remnant of very poor and spiteful Soviet policy making. It’s a very fascinating read on Wikipedia if you want a rabbit hole.
No trouble. If you want to learn more r/Moldova would be more than happy point you in the right direction. r/Transnistria is also very active and happy to share if you ask nicely. I think there’s a few people from Tiraspol who hang around there.
Like Ukraine, the leadership of Moldova is also very pro West. The Party of Action and Solidarity, which holds a healthy majority in the Moldovan parliament and the presidency, heavily supports EU integration. The Communist Party, the only relevant opposition has traditionally supported Russia although its influence has heavily waned with the Ukrainian crisis. Corruption is a rampant problem no matter the political party or office but mostly can be tied to Russian influence.
He was a relatively minor KGB bureaucrat who managed to get into a position (Deputy Mayor of St Petersburg IIRC) where his corruption made himself and others (who are now the Russian ruling elite) very rich. He has never commanded in combat. (He may have once "commanded" an artillery battalion as a reservist officer:
He was a very effective war general? Something like that in Russia. Thats how he got to power. The rest of the world adjusted to this plan and its not as effective.