A democratic door to door rep came to my rural door this year, frazzled and fearing for her life because of her previous stops. In case you’re wondering HOW we’re doing here in rural america.
I grew up in Rural America. My Mom's side of the family is Arkansas hollow people. It is going to be extremely difficult if not damn near impossible to pull these people away from the Republican party. Deep rural people have become clanish, hostile to outsiders, hostile to authority, deeply closed minded, and profoundly ignorant of current societal and cultural norms. Conservatism for these people is more of a personality trait than a political ideology. The only way they would ever turn on Republicans is if they started cutting their welfare and social security checks. Which Republicans absolutely want to do. This would be the only way to finally convince them that Republicans were the problem all along.
The single best way that Democrats can fix the huge Republican leanings of red states is to hold town halls, listen to their grievances, and talk about what can be done to address them.
Democrats try to offer realistic plans with solutions that will help most people, but it would require change and effort. Example : hey, coal mining town where the mine dried up or only employs like 5 people anymore, that's tough, and that prosperity isn't coming back on its own. Here's some potential things we can do, such as job retraining, community assistance, modernization, etc. No, it's not going to bring back the good old days, but we can help get on a road to better.
Republicans offer soothing lies. Example from that same mining town : it's Democrats' fault that the coal money left Or immigrants Or gays We'll fix all that and you can go back to the good old days MAGA! (though that same stuff has been peddled for decades long before the MAGA brand came around).
Seriously, I get really annoyed at these types of articles. Anyone paying attention to what happens in these rural areas will notice the same pattern play out over and over again.