Hey, I am Ukrainian who is now Canadian but I grew up in Ukraine and was born a few years before the USSR collapsed and I had a misfortune to live somewhere in Siberia for a year because that's where my father was stationed. I have been following the conflict since the orange revolution. I would love it if our boys could crush Putin with the help of the west and the sanctions west has imposed. However, I have to stay objective to not get my hopes up. The majority of Russians live in shit, literally. It is not hard to adapt from living in shit to living in even more shit, especially if you have done it several times before, you know you can pull through as long as "them" suffer in the end and the all knowing TV points you to a "real reason" for all your life problems be it Ukraine, USA, Germany, EU, NATO, gays, Jews, churkis, etc. Fuck, you might even pick up an AK and go try your luck fighting the "holy war" because what is the alternative at this point?
Of course it is not all clear and cut but majority do support what is going on and they don't really give a fuck if their quality of life deteriorates.
Wooden barracks, probably 10 units a building. No plumbing, sometimes no heat or gas. U have to either go shit in the outhouse in the yard or you might have a "free fall" toilet which is basically a hole in the floor which leads to a shit pit under the building. No clue what they do for the shower but most likely you heat a bucket of water on whatever stove you have and wash yourself in a wash basin (speaking from experience). Many places have no paved roads or paved roads that have not seen any maintenance since the day they have been created. Even in bigger cities infamous are a marvel to behold, cheap ass apartment buildings built out of panels. I think they were supposed to be temporary. My aunt lived in one. - everything is fucked; walls are crooked, ceiling panels are random thickness, heat insulation is non-existent. But it beats the barracks I suppose. A little bIt more about the countryside. Russia is very sparsely populated, I suppose like Alaska if it is anything like Canada, so yeah you can totally live in shit your whole life and not see a rich person. Heres just some random video I found, you can skip through.. P.s. fuck this kinda sucks but there are some really good Russian video bloggers who really try to get this message across but it's mostly targeted at domestic consumer to provoke social change. I wish they at least got someone to caption their stuff in English because some of it is top notch satire.
They can just start paying the population in bread, lard and 100g of vodka a day to produce war machines. Everyone who still remains in Russia will totally be ok with it. Not many people in the west can really grasp this fact.
A lot of us in the West just don't understand how shitty most of Russia is. Russia has very good PR relative to the awful living standard of the average Russian. We're shown images of St. Petersburg, Moscow, and the Sochi Olympic Village. The average American doesn't know that many Russian cities (not villages) have not a single paved road.