Imagine that you're a renowned scientist in a field of research X and for the part 20 years you've been churning papers on X and they are kind of guaranteed to be published. Now, a new discovery proves that X is bunk.
Example: pectic ulcer. For decades it was said to be cause by "stress" or "spicy food", even if there was evidence from the 50s pointing to bacterial causes for the majority of cases. Only in the 80s new studies pointing H. pylori as the main cause started to make waves in that established view, and only in the late 90s the CDC made an effort to change the view of doctors countrywide to look for bacterial causes and treatment.
I remember someone saying that true revolutions in science can only happen every 30 or 40 years, which is the time for every figure of authority gatekeeping a given area to either die or retire and open space for new blood.
And frankly that hardly matters, eventually correct theories will either float to the top or a new theory will become popular and 'correct' and then decades later science historians will find old papers with the same type of thoughts. Sure it sucks if you are trying to chase fame and fortune in the here and now, but in the end the important names doing the discoveries will be remembered and the ones trying to hold science back for their pet theories will be discredited.
Any scientist should do it with an honor, for the interest of the humanity and good for everyone else, without representing the selfish self-interests. The feeling of pride should be greater admitting that you were wrong rather than trying to dodge the information and spread the disinformation by postponing the progress and innovation. Educated minds should simply not have a problem accepting the facts, and continuing to move on in this direction rather than living in a world of delusion. Not taking it personally is what separates a person with education from a regular one... a professional form an amateur... informed mind from the anti-vaxxers or similar.
Can you provide more details? Demonstrating a fallacy in archaeological evidence can be groundbreaking. However, it must be supported by credible evidence, as opposed to pseudoscience or popular beliefs.
Turns out scientists are just people like everyone else, and have exactly the same propensity to cling to outdated theories even in the face of solid new evidence. Other examples include the extinction of the dinosaurs (a huge asteroid was likely involved, but cannot have been the sole culprit), sociobiology and group selection, and Einstein's rejection of quantum mechanics ("God does not play dice with the universe").