Looking at that data it makes it seem like the earthquake never stopped. There has been lots of 4.0-5.0s almost everyday since the big one. Am I just unaware how common earthquakes are or is this abnormal?
Why are there so many strong earthquakes happening at once? I understand there were a ton of aftershocks, but, if my understanding is correct, this isn't an aftershock?
It will take time for the reports to come out - But as far as I understand, this is both an aftershock and it's own earthquake event.
if i understood that correctly, this one is an aftershock, unless an earthquake above 7,7 becomes the new main quake, in which the three so far all become preshocks.
while reading posts about the last two earthquakes, i learned that there is one main earthquake, which is the strongest, and all lower before are preshocks, and thos9e after are aftershocks. they are counting quakes over a timespan of two years within that calculation.
>About one in every 20 large-magnitude earthquakes will have a similar-sized aftershock near it within the first week. That was the case in Turkey, with the M7.8 mainshock being followed by a M7.5 aftershock about 60 miles away just nine hours later. Aftershocks don’t always occur on the same fault as the mainshock, they only need to be close to its epicenter and occur after to be considered an aftershock. It’s worth noting that the M7.5 aftershock did not lower the chance that another large earthquake could still occur. Although the likelihood of future large aftershocks decreases over time, there always remains a small chance one will happen even months later.
The 7.5, 6.7, 6.3, 6.0 etc are all considered aftershocks, even though they themselves may also induce localized aftershocks.
AFAIK, these are considered aftershocks due to the geological proximity to the fault zone that ruptured and smaller magnitude.
Again, from personal experience with the Canterbury Earthquakes (2010-2013), aftershocks can rupture different faults/segments and still be aftershocks.
I was under the assumption that any smaller earthquakes, even if large/seismically powerful, fall under the banner of an aftershock provided it's within.
There will probably be earthquakes in the next 1,000-2,000 years that we just had no idea could happen because of how quiet everything was and no recorded human history of earthquakes in the area.