You don't know if vaccines work against any new variant even if that variant is from a country populated with white people.
Strains are spreading in the west yes, but there are new strains in China that are spreading and we don't know if our vaccines will work with those strains. We know the Chinese vaccines have a low efficacy rate and we know they are not mRNA vaccines which allow for easier adaptation to new strains. Making travelers with a Chinese passport take Covid tests at any and all airports is not racist or even unfair - a reminder that China has been relatively hard to travel to for the last 2 years because they were locked down to foreign travel as well. This is simply good policy from a public health measure, and you not wanting to see that for what it is and instead attribute it to a nascent American hatred for China is laughable. the World Health Organization estimated close to 800 million new cases in China in the next few months, with another estimate 4 million deaths and countless new strains coming out during that period. This is about protection populations, not punishing China.
You missed the point. The point i was making was that the Chinese medical system has not even approached Covid with an mRNA vaccine, and steadfastly refused to license western vaccines. If the vaccine most readily available in China has a 50% efficacy then the population is at more risk of contracting the virus and having negative results. The infection rates are increased with each new case of BA.7 (China is currently seeing each covid patient infecting on average 18 other people represented as 1:18, whereas the in US the rate is 1:3.9). Each of these factors increases the risk of developing new strains that are vaccine resistant.
We didn't get lucky, viruses almost always mutate to get less deadly and more contagious as the population builds up immunity through infection and vaccines.
I believe a combination of everyone quarantined for too long and non vaccinated people are making this a very deadly spread.
Is it your position that nations cannot take any prescriptive action to prevent the spread of infected persons from other countries? Again i would remind you that China has basically been locked down for the last 2 years, with severe limitations to personal freedoms themselves. This is not based on race, but rather a government's inability to contain a contagious outbreak in their own country and not wanting it to spread.