Communism doesn't even exist at large scale. It isn't a form of government, and in fact one of the major tenants of communism is the abolition of government.
The USSR and China simply used communist rhetoric to convince their people to allow a new government to rise to power. China, despite the name of its leading party, is a dictatorship. And both China and the USSR are what would be classified as State Capitalist economies. The workers do not control the means of production in these economies. The state does. It's total governmental control, the literal opposite of communism as written by Marx.
And don't take this as some endorsement of communism from me. I am not, nor have I ever been inclined to believe that a communist society can function at any meaningful scale.
A Communist party in power, guided by and implementing Communist theory, is left-wing - even if it hasn't achieved whatever you think "REAL Communism" is.
To say "it can't be Communist if there's a state or authority" is nonsense and shows you don't know much about Communist theory.
there are so many people like you who will tell everyone "they don't know what communism is" without outlining or defining what makes China communist.
no one ever said China was communist simply because they claim they are. there have been full-blown decades long initiatives to aggressively institute a more equal distribution of wealth in China. one of Xi Xinpings main policies is the well discussed “common prosperity” policy, which itself has been a term with various implementations since Mao.
They didn’t have some special communist characteristic in the beginning either that is now somehow gone. if you’re just claiming that they used to say they are, the rhetoric has not changed. they say the same shit now that they said back then, with some minor dengist amendments. Mao’s economic policies were not marxist ( that’s why it’s called Maoism ) and they’ve mostly been abandoned in favor of reforms.
Pol pot was a “Maoist” with his own (psychotic) methods, therefor that’s two steps removed from communism.