though. The point is you can do sketchier things as a private company that don’t necessitate intervention or investigation when compared to a public company.
You’re mistaken, private companies and public companies have different rules. This is essentially the only (plausible) reason the SEC has rules about accredited investors - because they’re allegedly more aware of the risk and able to absorb them. Solar City being public has no bearing on this if their shareholders voted to be bought, which would be mandatory.
But I think Tesla is making money from that so it’s hard to say he didn’t help shareholders in that instance. With Twitter it’s like he’s using Tesla employees - so their payroll etc. It seems co-mingled and that’s not good and doesn’t benefit Tesla shareholders in any way.
The main threat I see is the mystique of Elon wearing away and that meaning that Tesla can't attract or retain key talent. That effect won't show up for a few years. If Elon gets booted or somehow, miraculously, comes to his senses they could head off that coming brain drain.
I bought most of my TSLA in June of 2019 so I can hold on for a long time. Can't wait for Elon to go. I also have driven a Model 3 in rural Minnesota for the last 4 years. This year has, if nothing else, impressed me by how amazing the people at Tesla must be to produce what they have with this outright idiot at the helm. I'm holding long-term still. Their lead is real and goes far beyond Elon's cult of personality (or in spite of it.).
Meh. Beyond all the Twitter nonsense Tesla was facing some very serious headwinds. Every major manufacturer is bringing better built competition at scale which was already going to hurt. Tesla essentially blew their technology lead to this point.
People have been calling Tesla finally doomed for . VAG should be a cautionary tale for the rest of legacy auto. After more than a decade they're still only just north of 30% of Tesla's production. It's all about the batteries. It takes time to set up the supply chains, build the factories, train the workforce, ramp up production...