"Until a Member-elect has subscribed to the oath, he does not enjoy all the rights and prerogatives of a Member of Congress," read the procedures of the House. "Members who have not taken the oath are not entitled to vote or to introduce bills."".
"The House and its chosen members cannot do anything — including pass legislation, assist constituents, or carry out any of the functions laid out in the Constitution — until a Speaker is sworn in and that person administers the oath of office to the rest of the chamber.
What is true is that the House (unless it chooses to change its parliamentary rules) is entirely dependent upon having a speaker be recognized to function in any capacity. The rules they normally adopt have almost all functional power being dispensed by the Speaker. The Speaker makes appointments to committees. The Speaker determines what motions reach the floor. The Speaker determines what they vote on. The Speaker runs the show.
The new house is seated and actively debating who to pick as it's speaker. Most of this article is just wrong and reasons from unconstitutional laws or assumptions about how the house will conduct itself.
Those procedures have to be adopted first. And that is the usually the next order of business after electing the speaker and administering the oath.
They can just take their oaths as prescribed by law and can still pass legislation. The rules of a previous Congress cannot bind this Congress. This Congress is bound only by the Constitution and the rules it sets for itself.
Those rules have yet to be adopted. The only thing that constrains the house at the moment is the constitution, and it gives each session of house and Senate broad authority to order itself however it would like.
The Constitution defines the membership and gives the House the power to make its own rules. The question is whether members-elect who have not yet been sworn in can change those rules, and why they would even if they can.
The only thing you one can possibly quibble about is the administration of the oath. They haven't done that because under a tradition encoded into law (2 USC 25) the newly elected speaker administers the oath. However the constitution is really vague on the oath and its text has changed many times prior to the enacting of 2 USC 25. Futhermore prior to 1929, Representatives took their oaths back home before coming to Washinon.