in Toronto's, used to be best restaurant, Alo, they charge $50 per person when you make reservation. When you show up that $50 goes towards your bill, if you dont show up you forfeit your $50.
in place i work, if you show up on time of your reservation and for some stupid reason there no table ready for you, you get free glass of prosecco and tiny appetizer, at the bar while waiting. and we are not by any means fancy restaurant.
I'm amazed restaurants still take reservations. As a former service worker I totally agree with charging no shows. It's like the airline, you book a flight and pay, if you don't show it's your loss. This applies to restaurants, they hold your table and tell others to wait, it costs the restaurant money to have empty seats with paying customers waiting at the door.
If you were the table that stayed too long and caused someone else's table reservation to not be available on time, would you pay them? It gets tricky. It's hard as a restaurant to handle the tables that stay for 3-4 hours, especially when not ordering while doing it. It's not ok, but it's also not ok to ask them to leave. That's usually why reservations aren't ready.
Sounds like it's more a problem with their reservation policy. If you have a 35 seat capacity, why on earth would you hold a table for an hour before filling the seats? I mean, if people want to give you a credit card number to make a reservation, go for it, but there seems to be a better solution that won't end in bad press for the restaurant.
I'm sure there are restaurants that have more complicated cases, but talking about the restaurant in question, it seems to be a pretty clear case on what they should do. They say in the article they are holding tables for up to an hour waiting for reservations to show up and turning people away the whole time. A restaurant is in business to make money, and the simplest solution for that place would be to eliminate the problem - reservations. Or, if they absolutely don't want to get rid of them, rework how they do them. It's ridiculous to hold a table for an hour when you've got customers waiting. Give reservations a small window to show up and tell them they lose their table if they're late. They can introduce fees if they think it'll help, but unless they make the fees substantial, i don't see it helping in a positive way for the business.
How much of a fee are they going to charge that's going to make a difference to either themselves or their clientele? If this is a tapas restaurant seating only 35, i can imagine it's not cheap. A $20 fee isn't going to make a dent in their lost income over a cancellation, and it isn't going to mean much to someone likely to spend $100+ per person at their table. But if the restaurant tries to make it a more meaningful fee, they're going to really piss off clientele...
If you have a 35 seat restaurant and don't aim to fill all the seats, i doubt you'll be doing especially well. If the kitchen gets bogged down preparing orders, i think it's more a function of either staffing issues or menu choices. If you can't turn out food in a reasonable time, fix the staff or fix what you're offering.