Depends on what kind of war China is going to be fighting and what their propaganda will let the CPC get away with. If it's an ideological war, the goal will be to end the civil war. The PLA can do this by wiping out all life on the island. Luckily, the CPC and most of the population considers the Taiwanese to be fellow Han, so that type of propaganda would only work for the most extreme nationalistic types.
There are also cultural and emotional factors at play in China's desire for reunification with Taiwan. Many people in China see Taiwan as a part of their shared cultural and historical heritage, and feel a strong emotional attachment to the island and its people.
China claims Taiwan as a part of its territory and has long sought to bring it under its control. The Chinese government believes that Taiwan is a renegade province that must be reunified with the mainland, by force if necessary. This belief is based on the idea that Taiwan has been a part of China for centuries, and that it is an integral part of China's national sovereignty and territorial integrity.
The Chinese government has also argued that Taiwan's separation from the mainland is a legacy of China's history of foreign invasion and colonization, and that reunification is necessary to restore China's national dignity and unity. In addition, China's leaders see Taiwan as a strategic and economic asset, and believe that reunifying with Taiwan would give China greater influence in the region and the world.
TSMC is an important part of Taiwan's soft power policy, but it is at best secondary in either the US or China's interests there. The Chinese hawks see the continued existence of a free Taiwan in general and the KMT in specific as the final bit of "unfinished business" left over from The Revolution. Which dovetails with but is still probably less important than the military truth of the situation.
There’s no comparison between the militaries. China has just over 200 Gen 5 fighters, which the US’s F16s can detect and destroy before they can destroy the F16. Let alone the US’s better planes.