I can’t say I agree. A LOT of these athletes are supporters of what’s going on with the war and pillaging in Ukraine. Banning Russia from the Olympics makes sense to me.
I don't think banning Russia from the Olympics is holding them accountable for anything. Putin doesn't care, the people that make the call to go to war don't care. If anything it gives them more power to make propaganda against the west.
Russia is bigger than its government. People can feel pride of being russian while criticising their leaders. They shouldn't have to abandon their homes, cultures and overall identities because they're prisoners in their own country.
If Putin was the one throwing javelins or running 100m, I'd get it. But it's ordinary people who've trained all their lives for this, they have no say in the war, they don't kill anybody. If they speak up they go to jail and can't compete, if they don't they're disqualified for a xenophobic reason. Reddit is okay with xenophobia if it's against the Russians, but let's not propose banning the US for their crimes in Iraq, Afghanistan, and countless other countries that went to war in the past decades.
Its not xenophobic to punish russia for their actions anymore than it would be racist to jail a person with coloured skin for murder, and trying to play that as some sort of trump card is disingenuous.
why is it always the russian sympathisers that think they can validate russias atrocities by saying other countries have done bad things? do you actually think the rest of us with common sense will just be like "yeah sure good point, russia is off the hook"?
Yes, there are probably large swathes of the Russian population who oppose the war and would like to do something about it. That doesn't matter, because that's not how politics and international relations work. The country of russia, as an entity, is the one that enacted this war and the country of russia, as an entity, is what is being punished - by being sanctioned, by being cut out of the peaceful competitions the rest of the world enjoys, and by being righfully criticised by anyone with some common sense.
Well, that's assuming Russia doesn't do what it always does and puts Russian nationals competing as "individuals" in all the trappings of their country, rendering the gesture useless.
Yeah not like he will say now that the west is on a campaign against Russia, excluding them from the games for whatever reason and using it as an excuse to isolate them more. Either way you're helping him.