FIFA proudly participates in whitewashing the atrocities of every nation it enters, while stealing billions from tax payers who waste money to build worthless infrastructure.
I don’t see it as false, because regardless of if you’re the emperor who owns the earth and everything under the sun is yours, what you waste does not go to the people and that is stealing. It doesn’t matter what is yours when you control everything you have no right to it in anyway in which we must respect. Qatar is allowed to do as Qatar wants but it shouldn’t be seen as anything other than corrupt embezzlement with a fancy title.
Either way that’s crazy to think they are willing to let NK host the World Cup ik I shouldn’t be surprised after Qatar but NK is a whole other level of corruption.
I don't care enough about FIFA for it to be a blip on my feed, but it sounds to me like the Qatari folks essentially paid billions to put their country on blast.
That part is kind of false on authoritarian nations: on Qatar, the money belongs to the Emir to do whatever he want. There's no such thing as "stealing billions from tax payers" because it does not belong to the public in the first place. It's a nation with an owner, if you live there, you are a subject, not a citizen.
In part, this is why authoritarian nations had a edge against democracies to win international bids: they can bribe their way to victory with impunity. On democracies, to do the same requires sophisticated money laundering schemes, getting around auditing, undercut control institutions, etc... and people may get arrested.
All Gulf Nations work under a social contract, where the absolute king and his ruling family can do whatever they want, and the people would turn a blind eye for it as long they are provided for with enough to be happy and don't disrespect their customs and religion. This in turn provides with the social stability required to engage in complex entrepreneurial endeavors like massive oil extraction and refining, along with handling the mind boggling finances of that.
That system as far I know where first created by the Saud family and got replicated by all oil states there ruled by monarchs.