There are people from donetsk and other occupied territories who are forced to join the russian military … they are ukrainians and are forced to.
There are already complains from people from newly deoccupied Kherson that Donetsk and Luhansk origin soldiers were the worst and more cruel in comparison to buryat, russians, and chechen together. And this is sick considering that they developed such a hate toward their own people for 8 years being in occupation. Well, no excuses, whoever comes with the gun, is a killer, whoever sits silently in russia is a supporter for killers. They will be exterminated, and it’s for every Ukrainian to make sure that those who did this to us will get the punishment according their crimes. This will stay with us forever, and this will pass to our kids. Punkt.
Ah okay. I always assumed the nato navy’s vessels out at sea would all at least try, and if it flies over and land those countries would also try. I understand shooting it down might still trigger the blast, but surely it’s safer over the ocean or miles in the sky as opposed to directly impacting a city. Then again wasn’t Hiroshima exploded at a height for max damage?
But breaking it down, would a nuclear strike be devastating? Yes. It would kill millions if not billions and change the earth's climate so suddenly we'd ve in an extinction level event many would find difficult to survive. But...humans would survive. Many, if not most, in all the countries involved would survive. The governments would likely survive. And the major countries involved would still be considered borderline uninvadable. This is to say nothing of the many humans living in remote or non-associated regions (like...would anyone even target South America? Africa? Australia?). Fact is, as big as nukes are, as many as there are, Earth is bigger. There's just not enough dakka to cover it all (and no, radiation wouldn't be much a thing either, the fallout lasts surprisingly little time for air bursts).
What keeps us from pulling the trigger then? Nobody wants to deal with the cleanup. The effects would be too widespread to isolate the elites of society from it. That's what it basically comes down to. That and, in the case of western powers, they're not really interested in big booms anymore. Those were good for when fighting was less accurate. Now we can paint a target on the other side of the globe and hit the pimple on Putin's ass. Why cause massive infrastructure and collateral damage when you can launch pinpoint strikes which effectively take out military targets just as effectively if not moreso?
This is entirely false. The world has been capable of shooting down ICBMs for years. It just can't be done reliably and en masse. The threat of nukes isn't the single ICBM, it's that's there will be hundreds launched at once and only a few need to make it through to cause incredible damage.
We'd survive nuclear war in any case. MAD doctrine is not exactly the current state of things, and arguably never was. For years it's been more of a fear mongering tactic or a factoid pushed by ignorance.