"De Facto" literally means not in accordance to law, but effectively the same. Nearly every single NATO member is providing military assistance to Ukraine. The effective difference between the aid they are retrieving and full NATO membership could be debatable since NATO doesn't require member nations to send ground forces or control airspace or even declare war with the invading nation.
I think the real military actions in case of an article 5 would be far more robust in reality than what is currently being done for Ukraine. However, in a situation where all the members of NATO wanted to avoid direct confrontation but still abide by the terms, the situation in Ukraine would be comparable.
If somehow the U.S. congress and president justified to themselves that 'thoughts and prayers' were deemed 'necessary', then maybe. Article 5 does say that member nations should act in sufficient capacity as if they were themselves attacked.
If article 5 is invoked all of the members of NATO will come to the attacked country’s defense with such action that they deem necessary. That have to contribute in one way or another but they are not all required to or expected to fully mobilize their militaries and send them to war because there are NATO members whose militaries are irrelevant. Like… if NATO went to war with Russia a country like Croatia really has nothing meaningful to contribute militarily so they would find other ways to contribute.
You wish they were in NATO because you wish for a direct conflict between the two largest nuclear powers in the world or because Russia would never have invaded in the first place?
If Russia invaded an actual Nato member the response would be vastly different. Russia would not have military assets capable of threatening missile strikes against Nato members within hours. After any first strike effect, Russia would only be able to retaliate with nuke subs and similar mobile, hard to track assets.
I accept that it is debatable in the sense that anything could be debated, but hardly in any realistic sense.
Russia would not have a port in the Baltic Sea. Given how thoroughly Russian internet presence was torn to shreds in the first months of 2022, Russia would likely not have any internet facing military adjacent systems still online.