Putin will launch another attack on Kyiv in hopes of relieving pressure in the south. Kind of like Hitler and his last-gasp Ardennes Offensive. Ukraine will allow the offensive to advance until as many Russians as possible are away from their logistical support base, and then destroy them. Russia will lose another 50,000 soldiers in one shot. It shows how desperate Putin is getting.
Russia should dispose of Putin and use the occupied territory as a bargaining chip. If not, any ground offensive, no matter where, is going to run into the same logistical problems. NATO says that the Russians are only capable of operating within 160 km of their supply bases in Russia, which cuts way back on where they can strike with any chance of reaching an objective. The reason I think they'll try for Kyiv is because Putin isn't a rational thinker. He would rather destroy Kyiv than follow logical military strategy. Proof is how much firepower Russia has wasted attacking civilian infrastructure instead of using it on military targets.
If the ground does freeze solid, there would still be choke points. And, yeah, Ukrainians will be ready this time instead of playing catch-up. Pretty much all wars are a matter of attrition. The best way to diminish the UA would be to force it to attack prepared, in-depth defenses that take advantage of local geography. I have to wonder how many casualties the UA could take. Any Russian ground offense at this point defies common sense and plays to the Ukrainians, and that's if the Russians still have the logistics to pull it off, which is doubtful. Yet, like goddess knows how many other wars, the loser gets desperate because defending isn't a viable political option, even if it's the proper military strategy. Putin will want to attack Kyi because he's a psycopathic murdering thug, not given to rational thought. Again, if he had a rational military mind, he would't be wasting firepower trying to destroy civilian infrastructure.
I disagree. Putin is that desperate and most definitely that stupid. He wouldn't be in Ukraine at all if he was smart. He'll do it, just watch. He will order an attack on Kyiv through Belarus, which is 100 km away. It will be a gift to Ukraine. A column of 50,000 soldiers requires over 2,000 vehicles just to transport soldiers. They'll have to travel on a single road, M01, that can be blocked with the greatest of ease by blowing bridges and laying mines. If the Ukrainians are smart (and they are), they'll let the Russians advance about 50 km, then destroy the entire column. Block the front, block the rear, and everyone in between either dies or surrenders. The poor fucks who take part will know that they're dead meat. Mass mobilization is meaningless without the ability to train, equip, transport, and supply. It's extra meaningless if the soldiers lack the will to fight.
Even well-equiped, I don't think the Russians have the will to fight really. We saw the equipped and trained Afghan national army dissolve in the face of high morale dedicated militia men in sandals.