>I guess I don’t understand how you can cut the state constitution out of the equation when it is giving the state legislature authority to exercise the legislative power.
The point I'm trying to make (probably poorly), is that the Constitution likely assumes the existence of state legislatures because it also mandates that a representative form of government exists in the states.
The counterpoint that I am trying to articulate is that a state legislature is limited in a ton of ways by the state constitution, many of which are absolutely inherent to its . If we are saying that "shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof" means "without regarding to any limits placed on it in the state constitution", then what says the minority party in the state legislature can't just lock everyone in the majority party in the coat closet, then take a vote on whatever redistricting map they like? The state courts can't throw out the map, and the US constitution is silent on the rules for how state legislatures decide anything, so I guess federal courts can't do anything about it either.
The obvious answer, as far as those pushing ISL would be concerned, is that a state constitution can't overrule the federal constitution. If the latter say the state legislature can do X, then a state constitution can't say "nope, they can't do X".
If you are ignoring the state constitutions, then there are no state legislatures. The legislatures only exist as an implementation of the state constitutions.
There's a clause in the Constitution that requires the federal government to "guarantee" a "republican form of government" in the states. The Federal government actually used this clause to impose martial law in various southern states after the Civil War.
Does it really matter how they're created? The federal constitution obviously states "state legislatures" (and multiple times, not just in this one Clause in question) and it clearly dictates that a representative form of government must exist in the states (which is not defined, so a state could in theory adopt a parliamentary or semi-presidential government). So it's not so much how they're created by the state (and what constraints the state constitution might apply to them), but rather that a "legislature", in terms of a representative body, must exist at all and whatever that "legislature" is they have the power that is given to legislatures in general (that is, to make laws).