Edit: For the record; she hasn’t even been antisemitic. She’s been critical of some of the acts that Israel, as a country, has committed.
Edit: also her comments about “dual loyalty” and Israel “hypnotizing” the world. Also antisemitic tropes. I call them out when I see them, even when it’s from our side. Especially when it’s from our side.
European leaders are right to strongly condemn such hate and take steps to protect Jewish communities, including holding criminal suspects to account.
Pro-Palestinian activists, the Palestinian Mission to the United Kingdom, and Muslim religious leaders in Europe are among those condemning efforts to instrumentalize the suffering of Palestinians to justify hate against Jews.”.
These anti-Semites use human rights abuses by the Israeli state against Palestinians as cover for hatred of Jews everywhere.
Israel’s shittiness does not justify blanket targeting of the world’s Jews. Or the use of antisemitic tropes when criticizing it.
Antisemitism is on the rise at , often but not always couched in pro-Palestinian rhetoric. The initial rejection by of a woman from the student council of UCLA and therefore could not be unbiased. Even.
Maybe. But a lot of violence against Jews is based on the idea that “Israel is bad.” In Europe, on American campuses, Jews are targeted on behalf of Israel’s misdeeds.
What's sad/amusing is that a lot of non-Jewish pro Zionists are also antisemitic... they.like the idea of Jews being segregated into their own area.
Compare how Arabs are treated in Israel to how Jews are treated in Palestine, then get back to me on which is the "apartheid" society. Compare how women are treated, how LGBT are treated, how their justice system works.
With that in mind I chose to look at how the two societies treat their women, their LGBT and how one treats the other in their homeland. In absolutely every category Israel comes out ahead and yet supposed "leftists" support the bastards... simply because Republicans like Israel.
Criticism of Israel is not anti-Semitic in the same way that GOP support of Israel (as a local projection of power) in no way means the GOP doesn’t feast on Jewish conspiracy theories.