This really only looks at very modern history, which erases a lot of nuance. Russia, in all its forms has been about colonizing mass areas of land and centralizing them into the leadership of whatever version of Russia exists at the time. It’s literally a transcontinental country and once known as an empire! For example (admittedly specific), my own personal experience w pre-WWI Russian expansion relates to my Jewish family who fled the relative safety for Jews of the Polish-Lithuanian empire when Russians invaded. Russians (often via enlisted Cossacks) relentlessly began killing Jewish people (including my great-great uncle) in front of their families (including my great grandfather) in an effort to eliminate anyone who might disturb Russian efforts to Russian-ize the world. I really think it’s inconsistent with history to present Russia and its massive size as anything other than a conqueror. It just happened long enough ago and far enough away (for most western ppl) that it’s been co-opted by the western view of Russia as a bastion of communism (lol), which has had the effect of erasing its true imperialist existence.
While I think Russia’s self-maintained image as a bulwark against western colonialism is laughable at best (it wasn’t for lack of trying and Russia also swallowed the entirety of Eastern Europe and many Asian nations around it), I wish these countries understood what a pathetic bet Russia is. Economically, its partners tend to do very poorly (Cuba, Venezuela, SA, Syria, etc) and don’t seem to benefit much from the relationship, and militarily we’ve seen that Russia is at best a third rate regional power that got lucky by having nukes. Basically Russia is little more than a European Pakistan. And, if after Ukraine, you think Russia’s military is going to intimidate the West…well, I don’t really know what to tell you. At least China I can understand from an economic perspective, but Russia could barely compete with individual U.S. states, much less superpowers. If you want your foreign policy to solely be about being anti-westernism at the expense of technology, growth and wealth, I guess knock yourself out with Russia.
“I can't say I blame India for strenhening ties with Russia, but I would always highlight how Russia's zero sum attitude towards politics and influence had often turned Russian friendship into a bit of a losers club for nations who spurn or get spurned by the developed world and has not, historically, proven a long term partner for growth.”.
India has especially strong ties with Russia, but you see similar views in Africa and the rest of non Japan/South Korean Asia, and polls show that the majority of people in other Asian/African countries still think of Russia positively.
It's more that historically, Russia has protected India from the US and Pakistan. Worldwide they were also active in lots of independence movements, so they have strong relationships with former colonies.