You know people love to moralize about how the US or the West should stand up to the Saudis, it’s almost always comically misguided, betraying a total lack of understanding of just how pivotal KSA is in the current world order. Certainly Saudi Arabia has a lot of power and influence.
And seriously, the Muslim world already despises the US, that isn’t a threat, you already took out their skyscrapers.
If you think the Islamic world hate the US now, you'll be surprised how much hate they can muster when the "crusaders" attack their "holy land".
According to logic, its illogical that the government of Saudi Arabia while still being a little weak in 2001 would provoke and attack its protector state (the US).
According to Occam's Razor, the simplest explanation is the more probable one, the US blames Al-Qaeda, Al-Qaeda claimed the Attack, how the fuck did Saudi Arabia turn out to be the preparators.
Even dismissing Ockham's razor as an analytical philosophy you can still use logic and reasoning to see that Saudi Arabia funding 9/11 (while possible) is still more unlikely than a group of extremists carrying it out independently. Like the other commenter stated during the gulf war the MAK (led by Osama bin laden and later called Al Qaeda) was looking to expand his jihadist movement to other parts of the Arab world after winning the war against the soviets. Bin laden offered to aid Saudi Arabia with troops to protect against the Iraqi army. King Fahd rejected this offer and opted instead for US aid (which likely angered a lot of sympathizers of bin Laden's cause in Saudi Arabia, hence the large number of Saudi Arabian nationals involved in the attack). This animosity towards the US getting involved in the Arab world is the most likely cause for the attacks and Bin Laden wouldn't necessarily need funding from Saudi Arabia to pull it off since he had plenty of allies to his cause.
Edit: I'll also add in this comment that the US and Saudi Arabia had been funding bin Ladens recruiting campaign in Arabia for the entire 80's while the mujahideen was fighting the soviets which would also explain the large number of Saudi Arabian nationals in bin Ladens militia.
According to real life, Osama bin Laden and Al-Qaeda hate the guts of the Saudi government, one of the main goals of Al-Qaeda was to remove the Saudi monarchy because it allowed US troops and American military base in Saudi Arabia. Something very Haram in Osama's mind.