Yeah they have been dropping a couple hundred at a time for the last few hours but it has slowed down now. About half an hour since the last one and Boebert is leading by 556 votes.
So if Bobert is in the lead by 615 votes there’s no way she can lose at this point, correct? (Unless on a recount).
Edit: as others have pointed out, they meant the lead had narrowed to 551, not that there were only 551 votes left to be counted. Phew!
Same! It is a testament to how awful of a candidate she is that she can fail in such a miserable fashion, but hey, what else would you expect from this "FirEBraNd"?
However however however however! There are approximately 6,200 undervotes in this race. An undervote is a vote where the voter simply left this election blank OR marked in a faint or small way their intention (think putting a single dot with your ballpoint pen in a scantron bubble or maybe underlining a candidate’s name as opposed to filling out the circle by their name). IF there is a mark or indication which election reviewers can reasonably ascertain, that undervote then becomes a real vote which is then counted. It is important to note that the vast majority of these votes will not result in a change to vote totals and that they are likely blank. I simply point out that these votes exist in case we see further changes in the coming weeks and people wonder where these new votes are being tabulated from.
I'm trying my hardest to not explode out of my seat lol. Don't get too high on the hopium yet though. That projection is based off an estimate of votes remaining; actual votes left to count were never given by the counties so we really are in limbo.
Based on past recounts, it is unlikely to shift the final result in District 3 by more than a handful of votes. This race is going to come down to the outstanding ballots for Otero County, cured, and military/overseas ballots.
No, cured ballots and outstanding military and overseas ballots were due midnight Wednesday. The Secretary of State has until Dec. 5 to order the recount and the deadline for results is Dec. 13.