If a Muslim leader tried their best to implement religion-based laws here in the US, there would be an armed uprising. But as long as it’s Christianity, it’s A-OK.
As a former evangelical, I agree. Many of today’s Christians are quite disinterested in Jesus in my experience. Most are busy quoting Old Testament laws that they don’t actually practice.
If they actually read the Gospels it’s undeniable that he was a Jew. Mary was a Jew, Joseph was a Jew, he was circumcised on the 8th day as was Jewish custom. He was a descendent of King David on both sides, who was definitely a Jew and according to the prophets the Messiah would be a Jew.
The religion is certainly rooted in Judaism, which in turn is rooted in the Law of Moses. Most Gentile Christians follow the teachings of Paul, a former "Jew among Jews" who argues throughout many of his letters that Gentiles should not be held under the full Mosaic Law. There's no need for physical circumcision or dietary restriction, or religious washing and separation. Paul's argument is that's Christ sacrifice fulfilled the Masaic Law and covenant and established a new covenant where the exact formal terms aren't ever truly laid out in the New Testament and which they shouldn't be. A formal rule system he argues is a massive spiritual stumbling block where the day to day details of following the rules causes enslavement to the rules instead of enlightment to what the rules are trying to get the person the understand.
No the Mosaic Law was only for Israelites. People could convert to Judaism but it's the minority of the case. Jesus Himself state to a gentile woman that His focus on on the Jews, although He then helps her out, and is shown helping the servant of a Roman soldier their to oprress the Jews. It's the teachings of Paul who converts years after the crucifiction that result in widespread teachings among the Gentiles. There was even contention between Paul and Peter, the head Disciple and first Pope, about forcing Gentiles to convert to Judaism and Paul successfully argued Gentiles shouldn't be forced to convert to full Jewish practices. Today some Christians may elect to do those things themselves, but that's their choice and not a requirement of the faith at large. Messianic Jews tend fo follow the full law still.
Dude the GQP supports the Taliban. You can find quotes of many of the leaders extolling the virtues of conservative Islam because conservatives have more things in common than not: oppression of women and other genders, oppression of non cis sexualities, reforming education to oppress free thought and reinforce religious teachings over creative thinking.