The past couple of days were all very quiet, with no missile or drone strikes. The air raid alerts continued to trigger all the time as usual, but they were either mostly uneventful, or Belgorod oblast was shelled during them. Very often air raid alert triggers when there are artillery duels happening close to the border, even though we have a specific artillery strike warning it’s barely being used recently.
We haven’t had a new massive missile strike in quite some time, our forces were predicting that the next one could happen at the end of this week, and it still might, but usually they don’t fire missiles during the weekends. The last big missile strike did happen on weekend, but it was a special occasion, because they would never miss an opportunity to bomb us on New Year’s. So I’m not sure if there will be a missile strike today or tomorrow, though there’s a good chance it will happen at the start of the next week.
If they had started the first day of the war the first (small) batch would just be arriving right about now. And the bulk would take nearly another year from now still. So I think this is naturally just a very slow option. They are right to balk at this, imo. It's just unacceptable. Either the people doing the work need more money/resources to up their timelines or we need to do something else (or something in addition to this).
Yes. Winning a war typically has more to do about production and logistics than sheer manpower. As Russia is proving, manpower is a thing that countries can typically paper over in the short-term. But running out of men is rarely the primary reason a war is lost.
It is true that one of the driving factors of WWII Germany's capitulation was simply running out of guys. But that was a country that fought WWI the generation prior. And then tried to take over all of Western Europe. And then try to take over part of Africa. Then try to take over all of Eastern Europe. To say WWII Germany was stretched too thin and overcommitted would be quite the understatement! Ukraine is just fighting for Ukraine, not world domination. All their people are there. Russian, in contrast, is now challenging their supply chain and logistics of the entire Western World that have profound strategic interest and capacity to ensure that Russia does not win.
So the situations are completely different. It seems crazy to compare the situations. But if you look in Russia, that is exactly what they have done. They purposefully frame this as another crusade against the Nazis. Many have convinced themselves that this is WWII all over again. But in the end, because these situations are completely different, I would never expect this war ends due to running out of people on either side! But Russia may not see that yet. But, sometimes that is the point of war. Overwhelming death and the growing impotence to prevent that has a way of bringing people back to stark reality.