Can you elaborate on how someone's compulsive behavior drove them to kill someone? Ted Bundy made that claim in one of his later prison interviews, but it was.
Thanks. But I'm not seeing porn usage as a causal factor in any studies I can find. I'm not sure I follow your point, sorry. Are you trying to make an argument that porn should be outlawed for adults?
The modern teen can totally be forced to have a rape baby AND be used as a human clay pigeon, but viewing porn and the run the risk of what? I’m not saying it’s because of porn but google teen pregnancy rates since 1990.
I just did a google search asking if women were killed by men with porn addictions. Did find one where a woman killed her husband cause of his porn addiction; but there have been some men who killed women citing their porn addiction as the reason.
"Sex addiction can manifest in a variety of ways, one of which is an addiction to pornography," says Dr. Carla Manly, a clinical psychologist and sex expert. "In essence, a pornography addiction is just one disorder under the main category of sexual addictions.".
This is wrong. Porn addiction is a thing recognized by the physiological community. It's a beha ioral addiction, yes, because you get addicted to the neutransmitter rush of an orgasm which is the same thing that causes drug addiction.
I wouldn't trust this because I see it making your 4th amendment right invalidated regarding your cell phone. But keeping a digital ID device makes sense.
[Sex addiction is a highly debated topic. It isn't classified by the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5), but was recently added to the World Health Organization's International Classification of Diseases (ICD). For those who struggle with compulsive sexual behavior, pornography consumption may also be a problematic behavior.
Compulsive sexual behavior disorder is defined in the ICD as: "a persistent pattern of failure to control intense, repetitive sexual impulses or urges resulting in repetitive sexual behavior." Because of this uncontrollable erratic and intense behavior, it's common that those dealing with compulsive sexual behavior disorder have underlying mental health issues including bipolar disorder, depression, or obsessive compulsive disorder.