It would take 8 countries to shut this shit show down. 8 countries that unanimously say NO! and the FIFA could not sell its contest to anyone anymore.
Not supporting FIFA and World Cup this year. Watching a game isn’t more important than the actual human rights violations that are going to happen during this event.
Wish the teams around the world would of protested and not participated in this event this year but at least some take a little action.
Would be awesome if the final game teams right as kickoff was suppose to happen just walk off the field and refuse to play.
If teams boycott in advance they can always be replaced, if they did it right as play is about to start than fifa will be left with nothing. Sponsors will be FURIOUS with fifa, they would sue fifa and probably wouldn't sponsor future fifa events.
Without the clubs releasing their players (their employees) FIFA doesn't really exist. FIFA would barely be able to organise any global tournament worthy of the name.
It only requires the English, Italians, Spanish Germans and maybe the French to bring the whole lot down. They're the four/ five big paying leagues of Europe. The two South American 'giants' needn't be a factor, because for 4 years every cycle it's the European clubs who pay players the wages. If the top South Americans had to choose between the untold riches of playing for their European clubs, or playing for their country every now and then, 90% of them will choose their clubs. The players are contracted to their clubs by way of employment. The clubs only release them because of 'FIFA rules'. If the big clubs of Europe pulled out of FIFA then it would be game over.
If the clubs bandied together, (and as events of the last year or so showed, they'd need the backing of their supporters) they could reorganise the game outside of FIFA (and UEFA for that matter too).
You'd probably see a different type of corruption as the top clubs creamed off the deals for themselves, and ultimately football being what it is, this would work its way down into players wages, but even this tawdry scenario would be better than the FIFA executive Committee coining it for themselves.