BTW if you know a business that has obtained a PPP loan for too much/at all when they weren't supposed to be eligible, you can report them and the secret service will give you 10%-30% of the money returned from the loan amount as a whistle-blower fee. It's not often I suggest snitching, but these people stole money at a time when people were dying/losing jobs/having economic troubles due to a pandemic and pocketed it instead of actually paying employees. That's messed up. I myself, who didn't defraud the government, say these people deserve to lose the money they stole and if you can get paid for helping get that money back to people who really need it then hey. Live your best life.
Although I'm not an expert, and there are other ways the system was defrauded, the most obvious examples are businesses claiming more employees on their payroll than they actually had. My understanding is that the requirements for proving payroll were not very stringent and many people 'employed' their own family members a few months prior with higher than normal salaries to get more money. If you're looking to report someone it's easier if you are more familiar with their business. However, just from that site with minimal information you can maybe draw some conclusions. Look for the number of employees claimed. For example: If a pool with 5 lifeguards claims 50 full-time employees that's a red flag.
You CAN remain anonymous, but you then cannot get the finders fee unless you allow that to be public. You could report them and see the repercussions unfold naturally or you have your name out there and get your 'cut'. Definitely something to think over. However, I have seen a few reports of people getting large payouts but according to this article the max is 9,000,000.
They Secret Service has actually been investigating cases of fraud since the PPP loans were dispersed. Apparently they have returned about $4.6 billion in fraudulently obtained loans to their respective state's unemployment funds so far from about 70,000 fraudulent loans, but the amount of PPP loan abuse was so widespread its an ongoing process.
If they didn't use the loan money as quasi-unemployment payment for their employees then these people committed fraud. It doesn't make the program bad, makes the people that took advantage bad.