If congress were proportional to the country's cross-section of religious beliefs (or lack thereof), there would be 42 members that self-identify as atheistic/agnostic and an additional 123 who call themselves religiously unaffiliated.
(3) Regarding the Jewish members, I would venture to guess many, if not the majority of them are religiously atheist, agnostic or unaffiliated but ethnically or culturally identify as Jewish.
(4) There is some research suggesting that, contrary to stereotypes, college-educated, high-income people are more likely to participate in a religious congregation. Virtually all members of Congress have college degrees and none of them are poor.
(1) Politicians may feel like they're under pressure to present as more religious than they are because they think there is an electoral benefit to doing so (or an electoral cost to not doing so). There are plenty of people who engage in nominally Christian activities like celebrating Christmas and Easter and having some vague notions of an Abrahamic God existing but don't actually go to church or take any Christian doctrines all that seriously. That sort of non-politician wouldn't go out of their way to describe themselves as Christian but perhaps politicians do.
Not every Christian subscribes to the "only Jesus' words" thinking; in fact, those who do are a tiny minority of the religion. Meanwhile, Christians can't even agree on the fundamentals. Take the subject of what makes someone "saved:".
The oldest (edit: and largest) Christian organization in the world, the Catholic Church, is a fundamentally conservative institution. To say that you can't be conservative and Christian is ignoring two thousand years of history and cherry-picking only the parts of the bible that you like.
It sounds like you think Christian beliefs should be kept out of politics, but you also believe Christianity is not under attack.
You said “kind of makes me thing the whole right wing narrative about Christianity being under attack in this country look like a load of crap.”.