Fed rates are a product of a strong middle income having "too much money to spend" which drives greedy companies to jack up prices for no reason causing inflation.
Inflation is caused by a disconnect between the supply of goods and services that can be bought with money and the money itself. Most money (in America) is "created" when a bank loans money out, by just putting numbers into an account. The interest rate is a tool which dictates to the recipient of the new money some boundaries on the rate at which work or productive effort must be done in exchange for another party's money (which is also being created by a bank putting numbers in their account). When the interest rate is high, there is more pressure to do work with the money and pay back the bank, while low interest rates encourage less productive effort. When interest rates are very low for a long time, money accrues in the accounts because it is cheaper and easier for most to just go ask for more cheap money than it is to go and invest or use the money to do work. This causes a cycle of banks creating money that is going to pay another bank for money they created and on and on. It might not seem like it, but this can be a highly stable organization to base the value of money on, as it diffuses power in the hands of various interested parties, but requires cooperation between the banks, which is what the fed is for. If the fed didn't exist, you would have hyperinflation as the banks compete to outlast each other in a race to the bottom on interest rates, making saving and investing meaningless and strongly encouraging hedonic consumption.
Republicans know they can't actually cut medicare or social security while their voting base is disproportionately dependent on that spending. It would be political suicide. However, they can manufacture a crisis then surrender control of the nation's finances to the Democrats and demand that the Democrats do the dirty work (and some of them will be willing). Only Nixon can go to China type deal.
Increasing rates induces a cycle of default and consolidation for firms that are over leveraged and are unable to continue rolling over their debts. The liquidation of these assets can be considered like a tax that is apportioned to the firms that underwrite the debt, as the capital is taken out of circulation and is applied to settle accounts. This allows the monetary system to apply huge tax rates to the victimized firms and asset classes, while never having to go through the process of passing legislation or incurring the negative political capital. This is modern monetary theory, and it seems to be validated. If this process does not occur, you will see what hyperinflation actually looks like.
Are you referring to hyper-inflation like the other commenter? Arguably not possible in US due to reserve currency status and the petro-dollar.