This is what's broken. This shouldn't be possible. The consequences for ignoring the court's ruling were not severe enough. Every one of those defiant members should have been held in contempt of court and thrown in jail until they followed the order of the court if that's what it took to get fair maps.
The difference was that in NY, the officials actually obeyed the court's decision. In Ohio, the redistricting committee just ignored the court and did what they wanted to anyway.
Ohio the state that refused to change said maps that VOTERS VOTED to draw up new maps .. Ohio that 4-5 times ignored the Ohio supreme courts ruling.
Right, but that only happened because the state GOP just ignored the state Supreme Court for so long that we had to use the old maps in order to have an election at all.
As a fellow Ohioan; I am beyond incensed by the state’s Republican lawmakers’ constant ignoring of the will of the majority and the rule of law. They are mirroring Florida and Texas and somehow are allowed to operate like a one party rule authoritarian country, like China. I can’t explain why the majority of Ohioans voted for Mike DeWine and Frank LaRose, two men who openly flaunt their authoritarian behaviors. I do know that more democrats should be in other elected positions but are not due to many years of gerrymandering. And now LaRose is attempting to squash the last avenue that the people have, to fight for our rights in the state. He wants to make the threshold for an amendment to pass, 60%. He fears the majority of Ohioans will vote for abortion rights and also an independent fair maps committee- measures that have been passed by the people in states like Kansas and Michigan respectively. If the GOP continues to get their way, we will continue to be ruled by an extremist group of individuals with Ohioans having little to no say in what decisions these people make that will severely impact our daily lives. I think Ohioans should be protesting in the streets in mass to educate the entire country about what is going on!