Note, its not getting. If Greece is "getting" F-35s, greece is buying F-35s. F-35s are far more expensive than F-16s.
Yes, Greece is going to purchase F-35s. What's your point? Turkey could have purchased F-35s as well but decided they were too costly and wanted to purchase soviet S400 anti air systems instead which were a lot cheaper and of more importance to Turkey at the time when presented with the ultimatum to choose one or the other. Greece and Turkey will never get along, but they're not going to go to war either. Turkey would like to eventually join the EU (maybe under future leadership and further separation of church and state, this may eventually be possible) and both are current members of NATO so most of their bickering remains rhetoric. I feel like there's a bit of a disconnect with most westerners sentiments towards Turkey and its leadership right now. Erdogen is at real risk of not being reelected. The opposing party wants a more secularized government and they are holding Erdogen responsible for the economy/inflation. There's a lot of domestic issues right now over there and this Sweden/Finland stunt is being used as a bargaining chip by current leadership as a means of trying to stay in power. Watch how quickly things change in May once the elections take place.
I think we agree on more than we disagree. Turkey is amazing but I'd just wait til their current leadership gets voted out. It's only a matter of time until Erdogan is out whether he is voted out this May or not. I think Finland and Sweden are still a shoe-in for NATO ascension and people just read too much into the political side of this stuff just like when they got pissed at Germany when Poland was dealing with their elections and using the Patriot system and tanks as a way to rile people up domestically. It was a good talk; I'm going to sleep also. Have a good one.
As for your link, I think that context is important. That article is from 2017 fresh off of an abortive coup attempt in 2016 and fairly recent into Erdogan coming to power in 2014. We don't like the guy. He's a bag of dicks. I think most Western countries will see their relationship take a turn for the better when he's voted out. But our defensive alliance is different than our domestic bilateral agreements when it comes to shit like traveling visas and tourism...
It wasn't a trust issue. Turkey had a choice between S400's and F35s and preferred the S400's. The US just doesn't want a country to be able to test out cutting edge Russian anti air against its cutting edge stealth fighters obviously. When Turkey purchased the S400s, they were removed from the F35 program and, as a compromise, talks to sell F16s were held instead.
Issue there is, the F-16 deal is for 40 brand new aircraft, and upgrades to 80 aircraft Turkey already has. Upgrades are drastically cheaper than new aircraft. Buying 120 Eurofighters from the UK is over twice the price, and that's not even including any weapons that were likely included in the F-16 deal.
Turkey is trying to play it too, pretending that if the US doesn't approve the F-16 deal, it'll buy Eurofighters from the UK.
So if this is about the election, I am guessing after the election we will cut a deal to let Finland/Sweden into NATO in exchange for Turkey buying F-16s? More planes on Russia's border is good for the rest of us and pisses off Putin.
Nah, Russia cant really use its airforce(and neither can Ukraine, whatever little it has left). Both sides have really good antiair, which is why they have limited uses for their airforces.