(Also, as wasteful as its military spending can be.... it turns out it is actually quite efficient comparatively speaking.).
2. Eastern Ukrainians are not the fanatic pro-Russians you imagine, some might have been sympathetic to Russia and they use the Russian language but that does not automatically mean they automatically oppose liberation of their territories. Ukraine's own president is a Russian speaker, its just a language. Their "separatist governements" were puppet republics lead by Russians (from Russia) defended by Russian soldiers. Do not imagine this was a civil war, it was a barely disguised foreign invasion.
3. Ethnic cleansing is what Russia is doing in occupied regions - conscripting men so they could die, deporting civilians, stealing children. Outright murdering the population, as seen in liberated areas. Replacing these people with ethnic Russians. The idea that it will stop if these areas are annexed to Russia and peace is declared is, quite frankly, outright moronic, and you should reconsider your opinion.
1. Russia would not have accepted a referendum that does not support their claims, they would have refused the outcome saying it is a fraud, meanwhile they would have tried to manipulate that referendum as much as humanily possible with coercion and bribes. They are not acting in good faith. SHOCKER, I know! Russia would have invaded regardless, they couldn't care less about the people of Donbass. If they did they would not have caused so much suffering for them. Causes for this war are many for the Russians but a humanitarian operation for defending the liberties of "oppressed" peoples it is DEFINITELY NOT.
4. As for why Ukrainians should keep fighting... I just can't. Think for a second, apply this situation to just about any situation were a foreign invader is RAPING another country, or even an allied country? I don't want to sound patronizing, or condescending, but if you have any knowledge of history you should consider using it. I'll go with an easy example - Think of WW2, should the Allies have just said "well, millions of people of people are dying we might as well bend over!"?