“We have rejected this offer as it does not meet any of our criteria for securing a settlement on long term job security, a decent pay rise and protecting working conditions,” RMT General Secretary Mick Lynch said in a statement.
Not sure about the US but in the UK the union has just rejected a deal that would have given them a significant pay-rise (8% over 2 years - still below inflation but roughly in line with wider wage growth) on the condition of accepting some modernisations that would mean long-term job cuts.
1. Reducing staffing levels at in-station ticket offices, and ultimately closing them down together in response to increasing use of online and in-app ticket purchasing.
I'm generally pretty pro-workers and pro-union, but I wish they would be more pragmatic here. Innovation, efficiency, and growth are good for all stakeholders in the railway industry. That may mean short-term job cuts, but if it makes railways more attractive and leads to the building of new tracks, opening of new routes, re-development of stations and facilities, upgrades to hardware, etc. this ultimately benefits railway workers as well by creating new jobs. A stagnant railway industry with low margins and outdated operations will be unable to develop and create high-paying jobs. Unions should accept job cuts and focus their negotiations on salaries for those that will keep their jobs, and for fair settlements, including re-training, for those who are made redundant.
So the companies are clearly saying they DONT actually need all those workers and would rather have fewer. You may find it unethical that a company wants to cut staff, but you can’t simultaneously claim that they are refusing to pay absolutely indispensable workers adequately.
We don't think it's unethical to lay off employees - we think it is revealing: cutting staff is what companies do when poor leadership over-hires. To cut a large amount of staff, leadership has to have been inept for a prolonged period of time, which indicates poor oversight - a failure to hold those at the top properly accountable.