Yes, the entire crux of my post is this is all looked at in a relative sense because we inhabit today's political landscape and not the landscape of 30 years ago. I wouldn't vote for Romney or Murkowski in a D vs. R race, but they're demonstrably less nutcasey than the vast majority of their political party. Rusty is a theocratic clown, and yet I'd take him any day over someone like Kelly Townsend.
Do you think I'm trying to defend the religion as a whole here? I'm not. All I'm saying is that it's to the benefit of the state's Democrats that the politically-relevant white religious sect here votes at a 2-to-1 rate for Republicans (and falling ever-so-slowly), instead of a stagnant 4-to-1 rate like in quite a few other states.
Again, my point is not about the raw ratio - I'm not claiming they've all seen the light, or even a majority (I think they went 2-to-1 Trump last election) - but that when compared to other politically active white religious denominations it's part of the reason why we're actually now competitive statewide here. If you replaced every Mormon in Arizona with an atheist it'd probably vote like Minnesota. If you replaced every Mormon in Arizona with an evangelical protestant, it'd vote closer to someplace like Louisiana.
Except a sizable chunk of those Mormons are the same kinds that voted for Evan McMullin over Mike Lee up in Utah, and have helped drive our suburban shift here. Mesa Mayor John Giles (R) - a clean-cut BYU grad - endorsed Hobbs and Kelly this cycle. Jeff Flake and Rusty Bowers - while not left-leaning in the national scope of things - are a lot closer to sanity than non-Mormon firebrands like Kelli Ward and Paul Gosar. Joel John and Tyler Pace - both LDS - were 2 of the last 3 GOP state legislators I'd have been comfortable calling "moderate" in the Murkowski/Romney sense.
Only in today's political landscape, where the Overton Window has moved so far right, would Romney and Murkowski be considered moderate. Rusty can't decide if he'd vote for Drumpf again. Ellsworth park's demographics is changing because the Mormons are moving out of it. The Mesa Temple was the 7th one built. Today there are 265. They've relocated to Gilbert and Queen Creek. You cannot deny that Mormons are overwhelmingly still borderline hard right/fringe extremists with beliefs well inline with extremism. White Supremacy? Abortion? LGBTQ rights? Equal rights? Remember, it hasn't even been a year since BYU was embroiled in the racial slur scandal during the game with Duke.