P.S. I am from Turkey where I can openly declare my atheism and women can freely walk around without veils, where all legally recognized marriages are still only civil marriages, where it is still illegal for religion to be a basis for discrimination, where abortion is not illegal, where sharia has no effect at all, let alone over the civil code. Consider that Erdoğan had 20 YEARS to change this, but didn’t or couldn’t. Consider for a moment there is more to the story than what you’re privy to.
That said, I am familiar with the sort of denial you refer to, unfortunately. Perhaps it is ingrained and that is exactly what I'm doing. Who knows? .
And still is. There might be more religious undertones and more politicians calling for religion-inspired laws, but like the US it remains a secular government even if individuals within it act on their religious beliefs.
Freedom of religion should permit you to hold any religious belief and protects your right to practice it, but it should not ever include censorship of those who'd want to critique it by political manifestations.
Ignoring for a moment this was purposefully done in front of the Turkish mission, probably not - but I'd personally argue ensuring religious freedom is a core obligation of any modern state, and permitting or acquiescing to a blatant attack against any religion in the public arena does not track with that. There are more nuanced and moderate ways to level criticism. Not to mention, Erdoğan's stance in this instance has nothing to do with Islam, so I'm unclear what you would be criticizing here by burning a Quran.
That doesn’t mean burning a Quran in protest of Turkey is not a political act in of itself. Erdoğan can’t not respond to such an act given his stance, which will be politically detrimental to him in the eyes of his voters.
"Erdogan can't not respond" well he definatly can ignore a lunatic troublemaker but he choose to do so that he can try to squeeze out tha maximum out of the situation. He is playing a dangerous game putting his own interests before Natos.