People in these comments dont understand what it means to be “leftist” or “conservative” in Latin America.
Well, if the gringos think that Bernie Sandie is "extreme-left", I already want to imagine how they will see the people of Perú Libre or Juntos por el Perú.
Latin America has a history of caudillos (you should know what that is if you're commenting), on both the left and the right. Not every leftist in Latin America is someone to aspire to.
“Leftist” in Latin America is not the same as “Democrat” in the US btw. Likewise, “rightist” does not mean “Republican”. You cant compare both because they live under two different political structures.
In countries with multiple parties there can be things such as being economically liberal while being socially conservative and so forth. Likewise, we have had parties that are economically conservative while very socially liberal.
Most progressives are left leaning, while most conservatives and reactionaries are right leaning. That is to say, progressives tend to support a bundle of policies that can be described as "leftist" and vice versa. This has to do with the fact that most leftist politics have their roots in very progressive ideologies (it doesn't get much more progressive than Karl Marx).
There are conservative communists and progressive right-wingers, but they are rare because they assume a political system that's already very left wing. The best example would be the old guard of the Soviet Union that resisted more progressive, market-leaning reforms. Technically, you could even count most European market-liberals as progressive, though that's pretty unusual because the word "progressive" itself is very strongly associated with American politics.
Progressive, conservative and the third category, reactionary politics are all terms that describe political movement. Progressives want to advance society through reform and social changes. Conservatives want to preserve the current status of society with minimal change. Reactionaries want to revert society to a previous state, undoing previous reforms. (Yes, that means that quite a few American "conservatives" are actually reactionaries.).