Israel is small enough that it can't really afford to have a reputation for bluffing otherwise it would get challenged fairly regularly. A country like Russia doesn't have this problem - it's large enough that even its reputation for constantly bullshitting doesn't stop there from being general unwillingness to risk confrontation with it.
Building up such a reputation does mean Israel can bluff - but there are worse consequences if they aren't successful.
That and probably claiming Israel did this would force Hezbollah to 'counter-attack' Israel which would lead to even worse results.
I agree that Israel misrepresents some of these wars/conflicts to its own advantage. However, I think it is best to look at them case by case rather than extrapolating that the "standard narrative" is largely a work of fiction. Every country in the ME has been belligerent and warlike so we might as well say all of their respective narratives are embellished and largely fictitious. But again, I see no point in making generalisations and I was talking about that one sentence that you criticized, not everything they claimed.
After their war of independence, Israel has experienced in later wars that external help is limited and anything that looks like a potential attack should be treated as an impending attack.
Israel acted belligerently in the years preceding its independence, what with arming militias that were more nationalistic than disciplined due to a lack of a real army, and fought similar Arab militias after antagonizing them by evicting as many Arabs from "their part" of the upcoming state as possible.
All of this combined soured Jewish opinions of the British and led to the formation of the Jewish Resistance movement in mandatory Palestine, and ultimately to the civil war that directly preceded the partition plan and war of independence.
Keep in mind I'm specifically explaining things from the Israeli perspective (which would've been Zionist groups and eventually early Jewish militias before 1948).
1) I very specifically stated that I'm giving a quick overview of Israeli history from the Israeli perspective.
Again, I was giving a quick summary of things from the Israeli perspective. The Jews were literally in the middle of being genocided in europe, turned away at all ports, and the British were insisting that the refugees could only go to the place that was supposed to be the Jewish national home in tiny numbers. The Jewish groups in mandatory Palestine had every right to feel betrayed, and this is one of the formative moments in the Israeli consciousness.