I understand they may have geopolitical reasons to desire that, but it's hardly the ethical position people make it out to be to let another country fight your war for you..
Russia appears to see this as an existential fight and I'm not so sure a collapse of their government would result in a new regime any less extreme than Putin's.
That, along with the fact that Putin's removal will likely be extremely violent (the greatest threat to his regime right now is not a democratic opposition, but an ultranationalist one), makes it so that these next 10-20 years could very well be enough. The corruption will still be there, of course, but just cleansed enough that they get their shit together and form a decently trained and armed army. And if the ultranationalists take the wheel, they probably won't be aiming for peace.
Take a look at the Weimar republic, and see the paralels (ik it's not a perfect example, but close enough to what Russia is looking like it's becoming, especially once their foreign currency reserves fully run out). Their economic/industrial/societal state was going down hard, and it looked like they wouldn't be able to become any kind of threat for a long, long time (which was the main goal of the Versailles treaty). A decade and half later, well...
Perhaps, but I wouldn't underestimate them. For sure, their military power is largely inflated, and is mostly because of widespread corruption (since the later days of the USSR, when they genuinely thought that because of the nukes, they'd probably never have to enter a conventional war). But as this war exposed their flaws (not only in corruption but industrial capacity, which I'd argue is worse for them), they are bound to correct them, at least enough to become somewhat functional.
Similarly, the corruption was possible because they worked under the assumption that a big war would never happen and thus it wasn't really a big deal. That is certainly not the situation now. It's impossible to know if common sense will prevail, but I imagine anyone caught doing this now will be punished severely.