I worry that they'll retreat back to the hard (not far) right, where they still believe the same things but shrouded in terms like "state rights," and pretend that this stuff simply never happened and didn't involve them anyhow.
"Just look at all the different kinds of \[white\] people You've got Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Catholics, Baptists, even Mormons What else is there?".
It will never happen. Speaker controls committee leads and what legislation makes it to the floor. There is no way a majority essentially gives up their majority for that on purpose. Now, if the 20 or so obstinate Republicans vote "present" for one round instead, that would really fuck them up to the point McCarthy might try to stop the count immediately.
Mr. McCarthy could win the speakership with fewer than 218 votes by persuading lawmakers who do not want to support him to instead vote “present” or to not vote at all.
Mr. McCarthy needs 218 votes if every member of Congress casts a ballot, so he only can afford to lose four Republican votes. In the seventh through eleventh rounds of voting, held on Thursday, 20 Republicans voted for other candidates, and one voted “present.” Mr. McCarthy lost an additional Republican vote in the ninth through eleventh round when Representative Ken Buck of Colorado did not vote at all. All 212 Democrats voted for Representative Hakeem Jeffries of New York, the minority leader.
In the election for the Speaker of the House, the rules are that the speaker is chosen by a majority of those voting, and not a simple majority. Since most votes are along party lines, the votes for the Democratic nominated speaker of the house (in this case, Hakeem Jeffries.) don't count, even though he has a majority of 212.
Those who keep voting against McCarthy aren't voting against McCarthy, they're voting against Democracy. The House can't do business without a Speaker, they don't want the House to do business.
Good for Biden since for the next two years he can label everything as crazy Republicans can't get a house speaker let alone comprise done. What do I know, though?