These people think Putin would be their friends if they do him favors and still haven't figured out that people like Trump and Putin will just turn on them when it suits the moment.
I don’t understand their reluctance( other than being in cahoots with Putin) to support Ukraine. Haven’t we spent the last sixty years building up our military to fight the Russians? If Ukraine can defeat them for us why not support them .
EVEN if they got Ukraine eventually, how would they invade any other country? With what? They're pouring everything they have just into Ukraine. How can Russia's economy ever recover if they maintain being warmongers? Their own population will be sinking thanks to this war.
You have to open your eyes. There are tons and tons of bullies and racists in real life. They don't want the Mitt Romneys of politics. They want the Trumps and MTGs. People who say what they want to hear. Trump won in 2016 for a reason. Despite the racism and misogyny he displayed during his campaign. Yeah, the GOP need gerrymandering and the electoral college to keep winning but they still need some people voting for them. And as it stands, AT LEAST a third of America is all for the hate and selfishness the GOP are leaning on.
Because people who like MTG are the "Fuck you I got mine" type. Why would they give a damn about another country getting invaded? Heck even on this subreddit, I've seen pieces of trash commenting that America shouldn't have to take care of other countries that can't defend themselves.
So Republicans like MTG saying Ukraine won't get any more US money/support is something clearly certain Red voters want to hear.
Russia can't even take their neighbour eight months into the war. Yes, Ukraine is getting tons of outside help in the form of modern equipment and training. But Ukraine's soldiers are still outnumbered by Russia's and has been since February. Russia has lost a lot of people and gear in those eight months. Hundreds of their own tanks are now in Ukraine's fleet, for instance. Countless of their own men are dead or permanently disabled. Just how many actual, trained soldiers do they have remaining? Their economy has been sinking thanks to the sanctions.