Yeah they have black budgets, underground SCIFs (where high ranking officials can learn of certain secrets they are cleared for), and incredibly compartmentalized to facilitate secrecy. The MIC is obsessed with compartments and modules. From their weapons platforms to their bunkers and especially with their hierarchy. I read one year (2016 I believe) that 6.5 trillion (with a T!) went “missing” into black budget projects. That’s not corruption, it’s way too much. It’s likely them spending on things they don’t want any record of. It’s very shady and needs to be thoroughly audited imo.
There’s a source that you didn’t ask for. It’s not the original it just references the original article. The 6.5 trillion was more than the Pentagon’s entire budget that year by A LOT. If it is corruption then we have a serious leak in our budget.
We know that corruption affects different areas in different ways. You're talking without any evidence of corruption affecting weapons and aid shipments which is the type of corruption they are worried about. Our last president, Trump, was more corrupt than anything you'd find in Ukraine. I'm sure you saw your boss Putin confirm trump was his puppet on Russia TV 1 time after time.
I'm definitely not falling for Russian propaganda. That's for small minds like yours and modern fascist sympathizers like yourself.
I already was a soldier and I spent years in Europe, including some time in Eastern Europe. You keep backing your fascist Russian dictator. I'm going to stick with the NATO allies who stood beside us through 2 wars and 20 years. I know because I saw them there when I was playing soldier instead of living out your little league of legend fantasy about me you little fascist freak.
Russia invaded Ukraine. I didn't. Russia threatens me and my family. I'm not threatening them. Your people are embarrassed because Russians can't fight. You can't win your war of conquest and your Hitler wannabe dictator will have to face consequences along with your people.