Do you live in NYC? In NYC there are lots of people who have legitimately right-leaning viewpoints. It's the only place where I've heard people who identify as Democrats say they think Biden is too economically liberal, lol.
My post was probably too vague, but I meant that ranked choice voting will help moderates and hurt progressives in this specific situation, which is the race for mayor of NYC. That's because NYC has a sizeable minority of Republicans whose votes are basically guaranteed to go to Adams and because NY Dems tend to be moderate, meaning that for many their first choice will be a moderate Dem.
The idea is over a significant period of time voters (in NYC) will see the inaction and/or harm that the moderate democrat brings/sustains and a further left voice is able to gain power/influence that hopefully leads to more elected representation.
The really useful thing about ranked choice voting is that it doesn't allow moderate Democrats to hold a gun to progressives' heads and say "fall in line or else" after they continue to fail in their support of the working class.
You're saying ranked choice voting means the candidate the people like the most wins but you're going out of your way to imply its bad for progressives. There's absolutely never a situation where ranked-choice is worse than first past the post voting.
First of all, chill out lol, I'm not saying there's anything wrong with ranked choice voting in general. But ranked choice voting can sometimes help moderates and sometimes help progressives based on the breakdown of the constituency. In NYC it definitely benefits moderates more because it frees up Republican voters to vote for the moderate Dem and NY Democrats tend to be more moderate so a lot of them are putting the moderate Dem as their first choice anyway.
If you accept the hypothesis that Republican voters will prefer a moderate Dem to a progressive, then the progressive must outperform the moderate on the first round of voting in order to win. The moderate has a margin for error, because they can come second as long as they get enough second-choice votes to make up the difference.