It’s not really almost half the country - it’s just that their particular preferred political party has organized things to make it LOOK like it’s half the country and give them a disproportionate amount of political power relative to their numbers. But it is still a disturbingly large number of people however, so your point still stands.
It seems like they’re just doing this to make section 3 of the 14th amendment more well known to the public and that’s it, because as far as I understand they can’t actually do anything with this legislation because doing so would be unconstitutional?
The 14th amendment briefly was allowed to violate the bill of attainder clause, until the 1870 Enforcement Act closed that loophole and required all invocations of the 14th amendment to be tried in federal courts.
Setting the precedent that in the modern world congress is able to disqualify candidates without a trial, without any evidence brought up in court, and with a complete lack of due process would be such a colossal mistake it is hard to even put it into words.
Realistically though, even if it does pass it would be torn to shreds by the court without a trial for Trump, I think it's possible that it would have some standing had there been even a single conviction thus far of insurrection for any of the participants of Jan 6th, but there hasn't.
I’m not sure what that has to do with my comment? The removal of disability is referencing the ability for congress to reinstate eligibility for office for an individual for whom the 14th amendment has already barred.
The right to remove disabilities imposed by this Section was exercised by Congress at different times on behalf of enumerated individuals.1 In 1872, the disabilities were removed, by a blanket act, from all persons except Senators and Representatives of the Thirty-sixth and Thirty-seventh Congresses, officers in the judicial, military and naval service of the United States, heads of departments, and foreign ministers of the United States.2 Twenty-six years later, Congress enacted that the disability imposed by section 3 . . . incurred heretofore, is hereby removed.