It's easy to say that people are just dumb and some of them definitely are. But a lot are actually smarter than we give them credit for. They know what it takes to get the policies that they want. They want women to have fewer rights, gay people to not exist, they want a white race to be dominant always, they want men to be more empowered than women, they want to game a system and get as rich as they can and get as much power as they can and just stay there.
The majority of truly intelligent people don't want this, as seen by most exit polls when you look at college educated people and how they vote. The smart ones that do, are smart enough to know what it takes to get the stuff that they want. They don't care that Santos lies, because it helps to push an agenda. Look at MTG and Boebert. The GOP is NOT looking for smart people, they are looking for people dumb enough to help push their agenda outlined above.
Should have held your nose and voted Democrat then, you dumb shits. The amount of complete fuckery it would take for me to vote for a fucking Republican in New York is significantly higher than whatever issues New York state's Democratic Party has been dealing with over the past few years.
I mean, given that Republicans have been nothing but regressive, obstructionist pigs in 85% of state and federal government for the past 24 years, I can not see what would compel a New Yorker to vote for a Republican, ever, let alone GEORGE SANTOS.
22% of people want another Republican vote in the House, and wouldn't care if it were the reanimated bones of Hitler himself who casts the vote as long as it's Republican.
I think the most depressing part is that on top of that 23% are ‘mainstream” republicans who would still vote for a madman than a democrat. Bill Barr can say in the same breathe that trump is a threat to democracy but he’d still vote for him over Biden. It’s a fucking cult. If you’re a “moderate” or “traditional” conservative who votes for Trump or candidates like him you can call yourself whatever the hell helps you sleep at night but your actions make you functionally the exact same as the true believers.