I'm not sure Russia knows Russia's endgame anymore. Their original plan failed and they're now stuck in a much different war than they had anticipated.
Their goal now may simply be to save face by not losing, weakening and destabilizing Ukraine, demonstrating Russia's ability to project military power on it's neighbors, and having some Ukrainian territory to show for it all in the end.
If the Ukrainians can keep supplied then the Russians will most likely run out of munitions and soldiers to throw at them and Ukraine will push them back. But if Ukraine cannot keep up with the supplies then the sheer amount of Russians coming will overwhelm them at great cost. But putin would be fine with that as long as he gets the land. It would truly be the Zap Brannigan tactic but it may honestly work.
The real issue is the possibility of putin just endlessly throwing bodies at Ukraine. They sent about 300000 so far and apparently have 200000 in training to send again. At this point they don't have good soldiers left so the ones they are sending are fairly ineffective. But 200 000 bodies is still a lot. It's not even so much that Russia will overwhelm with numbers, but that Ukraine will run out of supplies and munitions themselves trying to hold back that many Russians.
The Russian goal is to pressure Ukraine to call for a ceasefire—To keep millions of Ukrainians from freezing to death.
Hurting civilians is part of the war in the Ukraine. Delay at the beginning was caused by Olympic games in China, and results of that we see today. There is no objective anymore, this war is pointless form Russia point of view, they cannot win, but they can do as much damage as they can and that is all to it. When Putin dies someone else will negotiate peace and everyone will forget about it.
Also lack of electricity causes lack of water and heat during winter. It causes displacement of people. The only reason for this is to force civilian population to leave and that's part of War actions against European union that will have to accommodate millions of people.