Also far less damage. Hundreds of documents in \4yrs of service to the country (ignoring the golf days and Fox news intelligence briefings) vs < 10 documents for 40 years of service.
Intentionally taking boxes of classified documents and hiding them all over your house, letting known foreign agents onto your property during that time, then lying about having given them back not once, not twice, not three times, but four times with the help of legal aid(who now must get their own legal assistance), fighting the FBI and the national archives on their retrieval at every step over the course of multiple years, claiming they have been declassified with your mind, sending some to your uncleared staff who backed them up on the cloud and sent them in emails after shell gaming them around different properties - is a little different.
Lied about having them, refused to give them back, keeps trying to hide more that he's taken, tried to use them to extort the government into giving him dirt to use against his political opponents, made a private raid to get the documents a public matter so he could pretend to be oppressed, publicly attacked the FBI to the point of threats and a terrorist incident where the attacker fortunately only killed himself, and has since whined, defamed and distorted the truth about it on social media for the last year.
Yeah, I'm willing to bet that it was no coincidence that Biden and Pence found documents at the same time. Seems clear that the records keepers are cleaning up a mess after it's now publicly known that they have been too lax in letting sensitive documents go missing, so they told them that if they better search and see if they had any souvenirs they shouldn't have kept. Pence and Biden of course complied.
Also no one is saying what Biden did was "correct". I think everyone thinks what Biden, and also Pence did(lost or misappropriated classified materials) is wrong.
In most cases - such as with Biden and Pence - improperly stored classified documents is evidence of a systems flaw, and/or a degree of carelessness. This is an explanation, not an excuse, and these situations should still spur apologies and ownership from the guilty party, as well as discussions as to how to tighten safeguards to minimize further incidents in the future.