I’m not saying logging should be banned, it just can a negative impact on a local economy when you think it’s having positive effects.
How do we limit/eliminate logging, tolerate more tourism and usage but still mitigate fire hazards? We all know Smokey the Bear’s slogan, but people really are that stupid and careless or think it won’t happen to them. Not to mention trail usage and off trail trampling and insane waste left behind. Pack in, pack out, stay on trail, diligently follow rules & regulations by local ranger station because they’re in place for a reason.
How true. While the heavy impacts of logging and river industry hurts forested areas no doubt, can’t say that an increase in forested land tourism is without risk as well in a different level, to branch into that topic… As a wise and seasoned camper and traveler myself, I always worry about designated or dispersed camping and potential wildfire risks, which could wipe out a huge swath of land on its own. Human caused fires (NON prescribed controlled burns) are so awful. Happened right outside the Seattle metro last September, for one, with the Blot creek fire that choked out the region with bad smoke for nearly 2months. Major fire determined human caused near campgrounds. CO has seen its own terrible fires, including near gun ranges. They’re not just caused by an open flame.
And neither is wildfire. But here we are making wildfires worse because we've been trying to prevent them for too long and not clearing the fuel out of the forest. So either we let the wildfires do what wildfires do and don't try to stop them, or we go in and clear out the fuel from time to time. On top of that modern forestry doesn't go in and clear cut whole forests. There is plenty left behind to promote biodiversity of species.
It's hard for people to want to listen to something that goes against their whole world view or belief system. I get why they want to be mad about something, even if it's totally misguided. Most of the people getting mad are pretty insulated from it, only going to the forest to partake in activities. I live in an area with a timber industry, and know people that work for them, USFS and Cal Fire and get to hear about it from all view points.