You make control of the internet by elected representatives sound like a bad thing??? The alternate - libertarian free-for-all or management by corporate interests both sound pretty crappy to me. The internet is just another way of publishing stuff and should be subject to the same controls as any other publication. The idea that the internet was in some way unique, self-regulating and borderless was a juvenile idea that first circulated a couple of decades ago when the WWW first became available to the public. Anything you publish on the internet should hold to the same standards of decency and anti-hate speech as something published in a newspaper, particularly if it is published anonymously. I can see why Americans don’t trust their Govt. Between a voting process that barely rates as democratic and a constant barrage of media, tv and movies pushing conspiracy theories, the poor Americans live in a soup of distrust. But outside America we shudder at the idea of Elon Musk deciding what is OK.
You couldn’t be more wrong. Governments all over the world are setting rules and restrictions, from authoritarian ones right through to fully democratic govts. Land in Shanghai and try and find google on your browser - or just about any western news website. National controls on web content is common. In fact your own US Govt commonly forced other countries to block content over I.P. Issues. And I stand by my view that a completely unregulated internet was always a masturbatory delusion of the simple minded.
If it makes you feel better, your response doesn’t seem too rant-ish to me. Your views are strongly held. I will argue though that censorship of extreme material on the internet is a much smaller threat to your freedoms in America than 1) highly gerrymandered electorates, 2) rules that make it extremely hard to vote, 3) extremists storming the congressional building, 4) Rupert Murdoch and his media outlets showing extreme bias, 5) billionaires ploughing huge amounts of money into politics.
I make it sound like a bad thing cos it IS a bad thing, even if you trust the current goverment will not censor anything you care about, there is no gerentee that the next one will not, in fact it's almost generated that at some point some later goverment WILL abuse any sort of internet cencorsip bill to there own ends and to the determent of the general internet using populess.
Anyone who thinks internet Censorship is a good thing is a coprite shill or an idiot who has no clue what there talking about (or both), or just an internet troll trying to get a rise out of people (witch I would personally lump into the idiot category considering what this topic is).
Thay could say an EFF article warning about a major internet censorship bill bing pushed under the gize of "removing terrorist content" or a bill that let's the goverment scan everyone's E-mails, and socol media PM's is "promoting self harm" cos "those bills not becoming law will make it harder for law enforcement to do there job's and as such people, including possibly people reading the article could get hurt".