Exactly. Qatar was like, "Hey, FIFA, you know when we told you that you could sell beer at the World Cup? Well, we changed our mind. What are you gonna do now, not have the World Cup?".
Qatar sold out their culture by telling FIFA that they could sell alcohol as part of their agreement to host the World Cup, and now Qatar is going back on their word because it's too late for FIFA to do anything about it.
In an abrupt about-face, Qatari officials have decided that the only drinks that will be on sale to fans at stadiums during the monthlong World Cup will be nonalcoholic.
But it also suggested that FIFA, which has faced years of blistering criticism for its decision to bring its showpiece championship to Qatar, may no longer be in full control of major decisions related to its event. The organization’s official fan guide notes that “ticket holders will have access to Budweiser, Budweiser Zero, and Coca-Cola products within the stadium perimeter” for at least three hours before games, and for one hour afterward.
The ban on alcohol sales to fans at stadiums — beer will still be available in luxury suites reserved for FIFA officials and other wealthy guests — comes a week after an earlier edict that dozens of red beer tents bearing Budweiser’s branding be moved to more discrete locations at the World Cup’s eight stadiums, away from where most of the crowds attending games would pass.
The decision on beer sales was confirmed on Friday morning by a World Cup official familiar with the change in plans. The official asked not to be named because they were not authorized to speak with the news media, and because Qatar was still preparing its official announcement on Friday morning.
The move is the latest and most dramatic change to an evolving alcohol plan that has for months increased tensions between FIFA, soccer’s global governing body, and Qatar, a conservative Muslim nation where the sale of alcohol is tightly controlled. But it also will complicate FIFA’s $75 million sponsorship agreement with Budweiser; infuriate fans already chafing at restrictions; and once again leave organizers scrambling to adjust — this time only 48 hours before the tournament’s opening game.