Currently almost all existing ammunition for the air defense system Gepard was made in Switzerland, which is blocking the export to Ukraine.
But until then, the lack of this type of ammunition will impede Ukraine's efforts to intercept Russia's drone attacks on civilian infrastructure.
There is a lot of other ways that Ukraine could intercept those drones, don't we have something along the lines of a North Atlantic Treaty Organization of some sorts? If I'm not Mistaken Brazil is not in there. Don't the US has the biggest military budget in the whole world? Asking for a developing country that just got out of a coupe attempt and had an administration that was literally fascist (and don't even get me started on WHY he got elected in the first place, because that is a another story on its own, but TL;DR TRUMP) to send ammunition is like Asking Zimbabwe to help in this war. We are done with other nations messing around with other nations, we learned the hard way, 2 times already. But a question that I would like to ask is: Do you want the war to end, or do you just want Russia to loose? Or even better, can you make that distinction at all? If land is what matters then US could return some to Mexico too, that could be a demonstration of good will that could change the course of this war. The whole world was built on stolen land, and now you want us to join this madness because of it. big no from us.
We went from a guy that was literally shaking hands with Putin whilst performing the biggest genocide of indigenous people in recent history to this guy that just doesn't want to send old and not very reliable ammunition to a war that we didn't start nor should be involved. Please give us a break, last 4 years were rough. And tbh, Lula is known here to be a dumb mf, and he is very freaking old, expecting that he knows anything about this war is imo asking too much. I wouldn't call this vile, just a dumb answer, again, no one is obliged to take sides or join the war in another continent, we have our own war here against fascists and famine. I know that some countries like to send tanks and be part of every war that is fought in the world, but not us, we are not like that. We like samba, If Brazil could make the decision to end the war we would end today and we would celebrate with beers, but it is not so please don't drag us into this.