To be fair to the court, something that should be heavily monitored and controlled/restricted might not be in the court system's wheelhouse. Anything that needs that level of oversight should be legalized through legislation, not court order.
Like I said, logistics and bureaucracies, I want to make sure every i is dotted and every t is crossed before it becomes state or federal law. Death with dignity, and choosing to end one's life in general, is a uniquely permanent choice for a human being to make.
I'm a big fan of death with dignity both in principle and in practice, but after hearing about the problems that Canada has had, I'd kind of like to take the time to get the logistics and bureaucratics nailed down first.
Whether you think suicidal depression is a good reason for seeking medically assisted suicide is one question to consider, the other is whether it should take a suicidally depressed person a month to get certification for the procedure.
Hell, I think they should even find clinics specifically for assisted suicide of the terminally ill, and people at severely "beyond any actual therapy or medication" levels of depressed.
I think anyone who is terminally ill, severely clinically depressed (like beyond any help type stuff) or over a certain minimum age if they're otherwise physically and mentally healthy (I'd say 35 or older, not overly old but not too young) should have the legally protected right to end their life.
If you think allowing a terminally ill or completely broken person to painlessly end their own life willingly and knowingly is "morally wrong", you also probably think abortion is for murderers, getting a vasectomy takes away your manhood, or something similarly ridiculous.
You can call me hardline for saying this, but I believe that you cannot honestly support euthanasia unless you also support anything else that relates to bodily autonomy (such as abortion, vasectomies, etc).
You know, frankly, if the religious puritans want to not allow people to get an assisted suicide anyone who wants to do it should go ahead and do some civil disobedience by making it a big spectacle. Maybe once the pearl clutchers see someone jumping off a building in front of a church or school they'll come off it and give in.