It’s crazy how he gets so much hate for this. I mean what’s to say he’s not saying it in the same way expressed in the last paragraph? Negotiating involves concessions of some sort, what’s wrong about giving up plans you had no interest in?
So, if Ukraine pushes russia all the way out of its territory, and demands the kidnapped citizens back, and russia says ok but the west has to promise to never invade us, you would say no? Because that’s how stupid you’re sounding.
1. Who cares? So long as Ukraine gets what it wants, RT can scream vindication from the rooftops and try to sell that as a win to its people, to distract them from the fact that they can no longer vacation in Ukraine-liberated Crimea. “We’re now safe from NATO Thanks Putin!”.
Because name 1 time where russia didn't break an agreement. This is clearly an attempt to return to "business as usual" where the only losing party will be Ukraine. It's not russia that needs security guarantees but Ukraine. And what negotiations are we even talking about when the fuckers broke each and every agreement they had with Ukraine or others since the 90s. How stupid do you have to be to think that it's a long-term solution that will protect the victim - Ukraine - and not just a way to get back on good terms with the aggressor. And so far I have not seen Macron or anyone else clearly and openly state, not to mention have it in writing, that if russia is to ever break an agreement again they would rain missiles on every military person or equipment they have anywhere outside russia's official borders. Anything other than that is just an attempt to stab Ukraine in the back for their own wimpy benefits.
So what you're suggesting is, we shouldn't even try and make russia accept any conditions that are favorable to the west and ukraine?
It's not up to you to decide if russia accepts this or not, but it should instead be in your interest if they did, seeing as you support Ukraine.
OF COURSE russia would always say they'd never accept peace at ukraine's terms, because that would mean complete defeat! Both parties have to meet half way to reach an agreement.
Peace is made by negotiations. Always. Warlords never start the peace talks, so simply waiting until Putin makes a peace offer or leaves is unrealistic and naive - and waiting for a military victory by Ukraine only means prolonging the killing of thousands.
Usually I would support negotiations to stop any war, but security guarantees aren't going to stop Putin's Russia from trying to ethnically cleanse Ukrainians in Ukraine.
Ideally, if NATO and ukraine are good at negotiating, offering russia security guarantees would be enough for russia to offer the same to ukraine.
Offering russia security guarantees is not the whole deal (obviously), it's an offer that needs to be met with a returning offer from russia - and it's then up for ukraine and NATO to decide if they see these offers as acceptable. Before this, russia won't actually get any security guarantees (that's how offering something works).
No one has intentions to invade russia so 'security guarantees' for russia are of course purely symbolic, but that doesn't mean they're unnecessary. It's what russia needs to feel like their pride wasn't destroyed by this whole ordeal. A bruised loser of a war will only come back stronger and deadlier (e.g. treaty of Versailles directly leading towards nazi germany and thus WWII).