My brother suggested this was to drive out the more liberal and better educated families. If you drive out the liberals, the residue will be more conservative. That means Florida is more likely to go red in the 2024 election, for President, Congress, etc, and if it doesn't work out, it's nearly four years until the next gubernatorial election where voters would have an opportunity to punish DeSantis for this (Idk if Florida has term limits).
Hypothetically, if Florida's population dropped to 100,000 hardcore reactionary Republicans, Florida would still get the same number of House seats, the same number of Senate seats ofc, the same number of electoral votes, but would be much redder and would elect 100% hardcore reactionaries, and it wouldn't be until after the 2030 census and subsequent reapportionment that it would really suffer for the much smaller population. (Politically. Economically, it'll feel the effects pretty much immediately, but that's a different issue). And it would free up campaign donations to go to other states since Florida wouldn't be contested for elections, letting the GOP put more effort into other purple states, and even making headway in blue states.
Either families accept their children will be disadvantaged, or they move to another state. They have no power to change it until the next gubernatorial election in 2026. I think this is similar to all the other terrible legislation/actions red states have been doing: anti-abortion, anti-LGBT, anti-education, etc. It may not be the sole reason, or even the primary reason, but I'm sure they aren't unaware of the demographic benefits, and doing it right after states are reapportioned after the census means they get the benefit of the larger population for census, reapportionment, and Electoral College purposes, but also the benefit of a smaller, more concentrated Republican population for all the interim elections.
ETA: It might also help drive students out of public schools and into private schools, which is a backdoor way to defund public schools, helping with the GOP's long-term goal of destroying public education. Then, children of the rich will still get educated, but children of the poor and middle class won't be able to afford it and will either be stuck with progressively worse public schools, or, eventually, no schools at all, once the GOP drives out enough students they can declare public schools a failure and say they're just ending public schools altogether.
Public education used to be controversial because people wanted to limit who had access to a quality education, but now it's controversial because people want to force a lower quality education onto everyone. Derp.