There are at least 115,000 successful uses of a firearm per year, according to the government, and some of them are home invasions/confrontational burglaries. If somebody comes over my threshold, I am going to send him to Hell in the most efficacious possible manner.
If the trigger moves back and forth, it is not a single function. The rate of fire does not matter. Whether you think "the purpose of the definition seems to be" different from what the text is, does not matter. If the law is defective, it is up to Congress to change it. Through legitimate democratic process. Not by fiat.
No it does not. Per federal law a machine gun is a firearm that can fire more than one cartridge per action of the trigger. A bump stock does not make that possible, it just uses the recoil of the gun to help the shooter pull the trigger faster than normal. A firearm with a bump stick still requires one action of the trigger even if it looks like it's firing very fast.
The trigger is still being “pulled” once for every bullet. The only way this becomes untrue is from some technical failure resulting in two bullets feeding at the same time, which would result in a misfire. The trigger as part of the gun’s firing mechanism has to reset to a certain position and be “pulled” again before another bullet can be fired.
Edit for clarification: automatic firearms are those capable of firing multiple bullets with a single trigger pull. Semiautomatic firearms fire one bullet per trigger pull. Bump stocks only increase the rate at which the trigger is pulled, therefore it’s still 1 bullet per trigger pull, and technically not a modification into “automatic.”.
Effect and practical application using different systems of that effect is an extremely called upon point in many other facets of gun law outside of bump stocks. The ATF can feel that they are mimicking automatic fire (and they are more or less at a little less than half the fire rate of machine guns) but that does not change their procedures in the enforcement of the law written by Congress in 1934 and 1968. Governments have to be accountable to the law that’s voted on by representatives and not become rogue agencies. It’s a dangerous slippery slope when the hammer doesn’t come down in my opinion. It’s the same reason why their recent rulings on ghost guns likely won’t hold up in court. I think I answered everything you asked but lmk if I missed anything.