I keep thinking about how more people vote for Democrat representatives in Wisconsin than Republican representatives, but they still only get about 30% representation due to gerrymandering.
I used 2012 as an example because of the way the House was split unevenly due to gerrymandering and how it showed how quickly Republican control of the majority of state legislatures, and therefore district mapping, had rigged the game against Democrats that enjoyed vastly wider popularity across the general electorate.
Personally, I feel this should be a prime example of why we should have representatives picked on a ratio basis of state votes as opposed to candidates running for individual districts, as most states have such lenient residency requirements for qualifying to run in a district as to make it laughable that a candidate needs to "know" their district. See Marjorie Taylor Greene or even Dr. Oz (yeah, I know, he didn't run in districted election, but he qualified to run without even actually having lived in the state for any appreciable amount of time, which was a factor in him losing) or any other carpetbagger that has won an election, quite honestly. Would I rather advocate for representatives to have at least a decent amount of experience within their own district? Absolutely. Am I being pragmatic about the way candidates move to qualify for a district they believe they can win as opposed to winning the district they're in and the way districts are redrawn every ten years, negating most or all of the "hometown" essence behind being a representative? I believe so. I used to live in a district that had a 200 by 20 mile with rural bubbles on the sides, splitting three heavily blue cities into multiple other districts that all went red because of how they were split up and countered by the rural vote. That's how you get cities that vote for blue presidents and blue senators and blue governors (and other blue statewide seats and mayor's/city leadership) but have solid red representatives in the US House and State legislatures. We had a cardboard cutout of our rep at town halls because he refused to show up to meet constituents unless it was a Republican donor event. There's a lot of that going on outside of major cities now, and even in some of the bigger cities. Just look at Nashville after this election. Gerrymandering split apart a very blue city with a large population to the point that there are no Democrats representing it, and only 1 Democrat was elected to the house from Tennessee, even though the numbers should have had 2 Democrats, at minimum. The Wisconsin elections are just as skewed, with districts radiating from Milwaukee and Madison in a way as to concentrate blue votes inside the cities and then negate them on the edges with sprawling districts that only make sense if you are admitting you can't win an election with maps that are remotely fair.
Or if you want direct comparisons, the 2016 presidential election is as far as you should have to look, as it is a two tiered election that ignores the popular vote in essence and rewards land and borders instead of the will of the electorate in general.