This time. Throw enough soup, mash and oil at paintings, and one day something will go wrong - break the glass, splash behind it, enter through cracks. With each of their idiotic, misguided stunts, they are incresing the likelihood that art gets damaged or destroyed.
And only an idiot would believe this shit is getting people to increase the speed of transitioning to greener energy.
They are not talking about climate change but the stupidity of these folks. If you think they are talking about climate change, your thinking is no different from Trump's. These folks are at the end damaging the movement by just looking at one metric - they are talking about our actions. But they don't even think about other and more important metrics - will people support our cause and move along with us? They have failed that and the whole movement miserably, if you ask me.
I support the climate change movement but this is not the right approach at all. I was also involved in other social justice and immigrant right movements and one thing we made sure when we executed our campaigns was to do something that could get the public support thus the goals for the campaigns ended with the positive publicity. Shouldnt it be the goal at the end so that it moves people and let them join one way or the other? These people act Iike bullies at work whose priority is getting the shit done at any cost but no one later on wants to work with.
Well, looks like the message didn't get bought off by many, unfortunately. Even I can't agree with this, regardless if it hurts the art or not. That is not the point.
Sure I guess you are right. I’m just glad to see these crazy kids start fighting like their lives depended on it because it does. Nobody is listening to them or taking them seriously but I bet they will start to now.
I think their elders need to clean up the mess they made of this planet. Those children are inheriting a mess and will probably die in climate hell. Maybe when the “grown ups” who pollute the water, air and drive CO2 emissions through the roof clean up the mess they made then the children should be held accountable too.