I work in hazardous spill clean up. I am the foreman and have to make sure my guys dont poison the fuck out of themself. We have a few smokers. Now I knew that benzene was in cigs butt how much I dont know.
We had a gig where the guys were concerned about the high amount of benzene in the ground 1.2 at the absolutle source.
I am on vacation in Japan right now. Its shocking how cleaner the ground here is. Absolutely stunning. And smokers have to go to smoking only areas. And the ones who do smoke usually have a butt pouch with them.
There are cigarette butts all over the human parts of the world. They don't degrade easily. Lit cigarettes cause fires. In many parts of America there are substantial littering fines for even one butt. During 2009 I was forced to take a janitorial job during the Global economic collapse and picking up butts was part of my job around the factory. 200 employees produced an equal number of butts. Often people dump their ashtrays in the parking lot. If you want to smoke, fine, but it is rude and ignorant to flick lit cigarettes anywhere you happen to be.
God, the entitlement of smokers to litter is such a pet peeve of mine. When I worked at a gas station, the vast majority of litter I picked up that was blowing around was by far cigarette butts. It was absolutely insane how many you'd get on a daily basis. Sure you'd have a couple plastic bottles or McDonald's bags every now and then and the blown away receipt but the sheer numbers of cigarette butts was insane. Like 200+ a day in like 4000/5000 sq-ft of an area people aren't even supposed to smoke around.
In reality? The recycling company. There's tons of "recycling" that the companies collect and decide that it isn't economically viable to process so they ship it all right to the landfill anyway.
"They're biodegradable!" Because they listened to the arguments we've let tobacco companies use that try and say that, ignoring that it takes 10+ years and still releases all the horrific chemicals from the cigarettes into the environment.