This country was not founded for Democrats. Nor was it founded for Republicans. Dumbass Americans turned party affiliation into hardened religions. Both these religions want complete control of the body and body politic. Both religions demand you praise and tithe the quadrennial messiah. If you don't, one side wants to nag you to death, the other wants to shoot you to death. Belonging to either of these religions means the stripping of the individual in favor of mass hysteria. Belonging to either of these religions is a spiritual, intellectual, ethical, moral, physical and mental rot. It doesn't have to be this way and it is not why this nation was founded.
Arizona. But yes, it does. Because the founding principles are still true. It's a value system. It is and always was based on the individual rights of man. That's why it was so ground breaking. It's not about a party or parties. Those are fads and should not be the prime mover in ANYONE'S life. It's all very simple. Except, of course, humans are able to complicate baking a cake. Let alone governing issues. Take for example religion. The word GOD does not appear in The Constitution, at all. But there are millions of people who claim it's there in some mystical non written magical way. Those people are liars.
You can be an opportunist while telling the truth lol. Bipartisanship is a lost art (primarily because of the Republicans). There is no lie about that.
I mean she’s right. Both parties only care about themselves. Of course this sub will demonize her because it hurts them and the right will praise her because it helps them and that just proves her point even further.
I am a centrist and I’m an independent for many of the reasons she laid out. She’s no saint and I’m not going to pretend that she isn’t doing this for purely selfish reasons. I will say that the Democrats are terrible. I vote for them because the alternative is even worse. We need more people who, unlike Sinema, actually are willing to work with Republicans so we can make progress on issues rather than the constant grandstanding both parties love.
This is exactly our problem. I disagree with you politically so therefore I’m an idiot. If you wanna know my views, I support gay marriage and abortion up to viability. I support common sense Gun laws but think it impractical to ban types of weapons. I believe we need a strong border with little support if you come illegally. I believe affirmative action to be a racist policy that should be repealed. I’m an independent because there’s stuff that I believe in that comes from both sides. I hate the Republican Party has been taken over by radical white supremacy. I hate that the democrats have been taken over by European style democratic socialism as I don’t believe it’s possible in a country this large and this diverse. But because of that I’m an idiot with no views.
My point is partisan politics is bullshit. There’s a reason why Washinon warned against it. Both parties only care about getting elected and staying in power. It’s why both parties gerrymander the shit out of every map they can. Compromise is a lost art in Washinon and anyone that doesn’t play to the 30% party diehards in either party is demonized by them.