The tragic part about Climate Change is that those with the most power to change things are the ones least affected by it, making change slow and difficult.
The ramifications of climate change have been widely known for over 50 years and yet relatively little has been done to mitigate it.
We have had generations of world leaders and entire governments working in collaboration with corporate interest groups to deny and downplay climate change.
Look at the response to a devastating global pandemic and how quickly the media & government officials were to politicise, profiteer, and eventually push to sacrifice lives for "the economy" and I think you have your answer to how successful we have been and will be in responding to climate change.
Even mass population reduction isn't enough to force climate to be stable, the ONLY way to do that is for humans to decide they have to actively regulate climate, not just remove pollution and assume the planet will default to our prefered climate when we have so much data that says otherwise and in short enough timescale to be happening NOW.
It's like yeah developed nations could have switch over 20 years ago, but lots of people in the developed world would have died even faster from lack of energy and food than from the comparably slow rate of climate change AND getting rid of all the pollution would not make the climate actually stop changing because it's always in constant flux. The one thing the climate isn't prone to is being stable, it's a constant cycle of warming and cooling and humans very limited written history having happened in a single Interglacial Warming period gives us the illusion of a stable climate.
The world isn't warmer than the last natural heat spike during the last Interglacial period, this is roughly how bad things get naturally during the peak of the Interglacial warming periods. Maybe we sped that up some, but we never had a stable climate. We had 15-20k years of warming temps and we used up like 13k so far and yes of course that means the world would be warming in any case.