They're in a tough spot. Bannon's strategy of "flood the zone with sht" carried over into 2022 polls, with a lot of new right-wing pollsters forecasting bigger GOP gains. They met criteria and were not way outside other polls - its not like non-partisans were polling a blue wave - so they couldn't exclude them, so it weighed down their model. Their defense was bad - they said Dems could do the same thing but aren't as if that validated the bad GOP polls - but ultimately fixing the model is going to be hard when polling has become a bad-faith activity for one party.
I'm sick of people EXPECTING close to 100% of us to support democrats, and then blaming us if democrats lose, because 10% of us voted republican a few times.
Republicans had worse results than expected but in overall mid term votes they beat Dems by 3 million — they just weren’t in places that affected the results.
Yes. Black people and Hispanics tend to be incredibly conservative in their views of LGBT, and Republicans definitely have been successful with their messaging that “the left” is trying to groom their children with sexually explicit and pro-LGBT propaganda. Black and Hispanic voters are also more likely to face substantial difficulties due to inflation wiping out their already low-on-average buying power while the Democrats keep telling everyone that things are going swell/okay (the economy is doing fine, for those of us who are upper middle class or higher).
These articles are there to push the Dem base to the right by trying to get rank-and-file Dems behind the idea that they need to sacrifice caring about LGBT rights and social justice if they want their party to win in 2024. They aren’t there to bolster the Republicans.
They aren't following Republicans like brain dead stooges, they are Republicans, and Republicans are brain dead stooges.
People of color aren't immune to being idiots, and most of those idiots will flock to the Republican party.
Republicans are using their racist views to win over racist black Americans. Republicans tend to hate every skin color other than white, but they're weaponizing their broad racism to appeal to minorities that are also racist. It's a giant ball of hate.