You have to give your driver’s license number and birthday multiple times during the process, which is an inconvenience at best.
The postal service has been the most unreliable with absentee ballots that I have ever seen. I requested mine the first day it was available. It was issued on Nov. 21st. It showed up in informed delivery on the 23rd(which generally means it should be delivered that day.) It wasn’t delivered until November 30th. A full week later. If it hadn’t come that day, I was going to vote in person, where I would have had to explain the situation to poll workers and get the absentee ballot canceled.
I never received my absentee ballot after getting the e-mail that my application had been approved and it would be delivered, so I guess I'm going Tuesday to vote in person like I was desperately trying to avoid.
Turnout data suggests that a large majority of people who voted by mail in 2020 found another way to cast their ballots this year — turning to in-person voting, either early or on Election Day. Turnout in the state was 56 percent of all active voters, shy of the 2018 high-water mark for a midterm election.
Turnout in Georgia’s general election this year was 56 percent of all active voters, shy of the 2018 high-water mark for a midterm election.
Turnout in Georgia’s general election this year was 56 percent of all active voters, shy of the 2018 high-water mark for a midterm election.
About 1.3 million mail ballots were cast in Georgia in the presidential election two years ago, compared with just under 250,000 last month — an 81 percent decrease.
While voter turnout remained strong, absentee voting in Georgia dropped off drastically in this year’s midterm election, the first major test of an expansive 2021 voting law that added restrictions for casting ballots by mail.
Data released by the Georgia secretary of state showed that mail voting in the state’s November general election plunged by 81 percent from the level of the 2020 contest. While a drop was expected after the height of the pandemic, Georgia had a far greater decrease than any other state with competitive statewide races, according to a New York Times analysis.
The decrease in absentee voting in Georgia compared with 2020 was far greater than in other states with similar races. In Michigan, for example, absentee voting decreased by about 46 percent from the 2020 election, according to a Times analysis of data from the University of Florida’s U.S. Elections Project. In Florida, the drop-off was about 45 percent, and in Pennsylvania, absentee voting had a roughly 54 percent decrease.