In the video circulating you can see the Russian troops surrendering and then the last Russian soldier starts shooting injuring the cameraman, pretending to surrender and then attacking the other party is a war crime and makes those other soldiers an active threat, not POWs.
Yeah so the video is a sight to see there are two videos one first person where you’ll see the Russians surrendering and then their bozo companion runs out guns blazing while a soldier with a machine gun over watches them.
I've seen several videos like this, shot from Ukrainian body-cams, where the Russians pretend to surrender, then one pops up with a gun or grenade.
We've seen a Russian in the brush of the woods fake a surrender awhile ago near his 2-3 other comrades by pulling out a grenade, he was quickly shot by the Ukrainians and his grenade blew up on his body. The Ukrainian soldiers filming then said "Hey don't shoot these other guys" and then the video ends. These soldiers made the choice to kill the unarmed men out of either fear or anger because of the injury rambovich caused. I don't believe Perfidy applies to group based on the actions of one soldier, especially those who didnt take part. Whatever happened it was fucked up and horrible.
Edit: Their dead/dying bodies can be seen in this drone footage that people tried to claim was from mortarfire.
About a dozen POWs(technically just unarmed men) were executed because a single rambovich came out shooting and injured a Ukrainian soldier. Rambovich deserved to die, not the dozen or so men who were unarmed, had hands on their backs or heads and surrendered on their stomachs. Can't believe there are people here and on twitter who are excusing their possible reprisal execution because the last guy wanted to be rambo. Maybe they were caught in the crossfire but from the footage from the drone they clearly made sure to shoot every single guy in the head where they laid.
Then in the next video it’s an overhead view from a drone. On the ground you will see all the dead Russians.
This is called perfidy. They feinted a surrender. If there was a crazy guy back there with a gun the Russians should of said something. They didn’t. I would look at this as not a war crime. Consider that any one of those soldiers could of had a grenade or a pistol hidden prior to them walking out.