Not going to happen. This is just the typical empty promise by an opposition party that only pretends to be progressive as long as it doesn't actually have any power to put their votes where their mouth is.
Or MAYBE it was to play pretend at democracy while not really giving up power to the unwashed, uneducated masses who clearly would not know what was best for them.
It takes a particular type of fool to fail to understand this and instead start dismantling the structure in the blind pursuit of democracy over all else. It leads to asinine pieces of legislation like the Fixed Term Parliament Act which led to the Prime Minister of a minority government being deadlocked in parliament and yet unable to call an election despite opinion polls indicating if he did he would win a landslide majority in favour of what he wanted to do, simply because he was unable to ask the monarch to exercise the prerogative right to call elections and the opposition knew elections would see them decimated and so repeatedly blocked them in the house. In the end, he was forced to wait until a scheduled recess and use the still extant prerogative of prorogation (arguably far less democratic, ironically) to force through his program by default. Fortunately the FTPA has since been repealed, but let us learn from that lesson rather than repeating the mistake with the Lords.
This is a thorny issue complicated by the fact that a large chunk of the Crowns wealth is leased, but not given to, to the government. There's also the issue that the Crown is in legal terms a corporation sole, and there is no real precedent for what happens when you dissolve such an entity rather than simply passing it to someone else. Technically speaking, the only legal way to transfer ownership of the Crowns assets to the government even with the consent of the monarch would be for the PM to be named King/Queen and then for them to personally bestow the assets to the nation and only then do away with the title. In theory though ofc a recalcitrant monarch could refuse to step down and constitutionally they'd be within their rights to dismiss the PM and call fresh elections right there and then, and there's nothing any PM can really do about that.
And yet it famously led to a deadlock so difficult to resolve that it resulted in a where the governor general had to intervene and call fresh elections using the royal prerogative.
This is true, but the mechanism by which the PM could have called a double dissolution is important because he would have to ask the governor general to exercise the royal prerogative (and by convention the gg would do as asked).