They had like 20 years to get rid of putin. They deserve every second of this absolute shitstorm that they are about to get.
More people live in Moscow and St. Petersburg combined than in the next like 15-20 most populous russian cities combined.
Population of Moscow + St. Petersburg = 18.5 million, which is the same population of the next 16 largest cities, allegedly.
But it's just nuts to me that the Russians would be looking at needing another round of mobilisation already.
And just to make it clear - all of us support Ukraine and cannot wait until they kick the Russian army out of their land and trigger an inevitable crisis in the Kremlin. But we don't have the funds nor connections to immigrate, so our only option is to stay low and be unnoticed. I'm only comfortable writing what I do on Reddit because I'm writing in English and there's no way to link this account to me, the individual - I would not write anything even remotely anti-state on VK or Facebook, for example, or anywhere the FSB monitors.
There are conflicting reports on how the upcoming wave will look like. On one hand, there are rumors they're going to to try call up 500k people mostly from big cities, but there are also rumors they'll do so quietly - that is, not mentioning any draft-related news on Kremlin-controlled media. I'm not sure how you can detain 500k people in a technologically proficient city of 20 million without anyone noticing, but okay.
St. Petersburg's mayor, on the other hand, is a full on Z-ultrapatriot actively involved in this stuff. My guess is it's because he feels his seat is vulnerable (he's in a feud with Prigozhin, who's rapidly gaining Putin's favor) and he has to lick Putin's ass even harder to keep it.
Anyway, in his opinion (and mine) Prigozhin overplayed his hand with his open play at becoming mayor of St. Petersburg, and the siloviki will probably crush his power base in retaliation once the war is over. Strelkov/Girkin though is someone we disagree on. I think Strelkov is going to be removed from any prominent position too, as evidenced by him being sent away from the front line and being trashed by Solovyev regularly. My "friend" however believes Strelkov is protected by Kadyrov and anti-Shoigu parts of the military and intelligence services. He believes that if Russia loses the war and Putin leaves office, Strelkov might be fronted by the military faction as the revanchist, anti-silovik, anti-oligarch presidential candidate. I find that extremely doubtful, though I am sure he would like to enter politics. Your thoughts?