Where some of this gets lost in the 2nd, 4th, 9th, and 14th amendments arguments (mix and match as needed depending on which law) is that these laws are a direct attack on the concept of judicial review. In Texas, the trial court ruled that since the law prohibits the State from enforcing the law, there is no valid State party to the case and it is not possible to enjoin the law even if it was unconstitutional. Basically, it ruled that there was "one weird trick" to prevent judicial review of unconstitutional laws which is much more threatening as a concept than any specific law (even unconstitutional, freedom-limiting ones). SCOTUS did not block the law pending appeal (which would be normal when dealing with such a radical departure from the status quo under a novel legal theory), so it is currently active.
Of course it is laughably unconstitutional. Everyone knew that the moment it was proposed (the AG of CA is not even defending it in this case). It is also as laughably unconstitutional as the Texas abortion law with the same private cause of action mechanism.
The courts did not let the Texas abortion law stand because abortion was not a right; they let it stand because they determined that courts cannot enjoin all private citizens from suing.
In the case of the Texas abortion law, private citizens were empowered to enforce the law by suing and the courts ruled that a court cannot enjoin all private citizens from suing.
In the case of the California gun law, private citizens are empowered to enforce the law by suing and, following the same logic as above, a court cannot enjoin all private citizens from suing.
The court in this CA case correctly determined that it could rule (in an earlier ruling) and enjoin the enforcement (even if that enjoins private citizens not party to the lawsuit) of their version of the law. If the same logic from the TX case was applied, the 2nd amendment argument wouldn't have even come up because as designed the State is not a valid party and these constitutional questions would have to be litigated in every case filed under the law (like is currently happening in TX).
Now whether after suing the abortion provider u will prevail in court and get the 10k is another discussion but it's irrelevant for the purposes of the discussion here which is about pre-enforcement action by the courts before a lawsuit under the TX (or CA) law is filed.
The specific abortion lawsuit law has to work its way up the courts just like how this law in California had to go through a district court, and the same for the mag cap and assault weapons laws which had already made their way up to the supreme court. They got remanded down to the circuit court to rule on it with supreme court guidance from bruen, but they decided to also remand it despite the district court already using a similar test.