He's saying that because people criticized police officers and pointed out a need for better police officers we can't have better police officers because the people who would be better police officers won't want to join while people want better police officers.
There aren’t “enough good people” seeking to become cops because the “good people” simply recognize that law enforcement culture is both dangerous AND toxic as hell.
Some people DO have good intentions I think, but if they get in and see the system the way it is and then do nothing to try and fix it, it’s hard to call them “good” cops.
this is why i've begun to feel that the cops that stand by and watch, who do nothing when this shit is going on, are actually worse than the ones actually doing shit. it's the cops standing by watching that enables these mother fuckers to get away with murder. if the "good" cops actually got involved and stopped something i might agree that there is such a thing as a good cops, but until that day they are all the same.
exactly, there are a lot of people out there, like my family, that think when cops lose their shit it's always justified. i was watching the news with my parents a few years ago. they live in texas. a story came on about a couple of customs agents in Laredo that got busted for taking $10K per semi full of drugs they waved through. my step mother started defending the customs agents because "who could turn down that kind of money" and on the other hand wants drug dealers summarily executed. as long as those in authority are abusing the correct people there's nothing to excuse, they're just doing their job. /s.
LAPD actively recruits from HS, they found it was easier to indoctrinate people with no college or military training. I had a 20yo(literally) cop refuse to let me speak to a detective about a hate crime. the cop told me i didn't have standing, i read him the statute, he asked me if i was trying to explain the law to him, i said someone needs to. then i was told to leave the station. the chances that this kid had any college is ify and he certainly wasn't law school grad, but he was absolutely sure he understood the law better than someone off the street.i decided i had had it with LA around that time.