That’s kind of a fools errand though. Because something is authorized doesn’t mean it should be or is prudent, check out Yucca Mountain. Fully authorized the cost was around $93 billion for a project that won’t likely ever be used and the government is paying $20 million per day in fines to utility companies for not honoring the off take agreements. That’s my point while what you say is accurate it’s still foolish and nonsensical.
I get that but that still doesn’t address my point. They authorize a bunch of junk, doesn’t mean it does anything productive. Anything that we don’t have money coming in from tax receipts needs to be borrowed. My point is the fiscal mismanagement of our government. I tossed out one example that will clearly get to $100 billion. How many other examples are there like this? What percentage of a dollar spent by the federal government actually does something productive for the citizens and what percentage is pure waste. There seems no accountability for where the money is allocated to and the utility of it. I’m curious how much waste there is. The military industrial complex is clearly a money generating machine for so many but that’s just one component, but a big one. Medicare, while very important isn’t financially well run and we certainly can’t have Medicare for all under our current broken healthcare system. That would only exacerbate a problem. The underlying healthcare system need to be fixed, screw the insurance companies, get the prices to something fair then work on a healthcare fix. I guess my pint is that I think the entire thing is broken. The politicians are all in on the joke, they don’t work together, they don’t do anything productive. They waste money and time bickering and keeping score of gotcha’s with each other. I think the only chance we have is get money out of politics, term limits (money and power corrupt and it’s clear self governance isn’t feasible for these folks) and have systems in place to fire them immediately for corruption, fraud, lying and misleading, like any other job in the US. The Rest of the World wonders how the US has suddenly become a corruption-raddled third world kleptocracy. While there has always been corruption it’s out of hand and not even remotely being disguised anymore.
I didn’t indicate that this was a democrat problem or a republican problem. Most of our elected officials resemble a corruption-raddled third world kleptocracy. They get into office making $175k a year and get very rich. The only thing it appears they are great at is enriching themselves and putting the country into debt to do it. How is this not a problem for every democrat and republican voter.
Because it’s a one party issue. Democrats have created a budget surplus almost every single different POTUS in the last 40 years.
In those same 40 years, every single republican POTUS has blown the deficit up. They are the ones who don’t pay their bills.