The dialectic of “oh no you’re so essential to the economy and the country, you HAVE to work through the pandemic and economic turmoil” and “eh it’s jobs for dumb people or high schoolers” is a REALLY frustrating fixture in American politics from conservative and liberal spaces. The first is made in bad faith, and the second shows the elitist and classist feathers of those who are okay exploiting labor.
The wealthy ruling class will never treat the labor workers better unless they force them too. One of the ways labor could fight for better treatment would be through striking. That option was taken away by the president and congress.
Oh look, again we're all arguing about whose fault it is while the workers get screwed and the rail owners make record profits. The system isn't broken, it's working exactly how it is supposed to.
That is absolutely how it works. Dems in the House chose to split the bills and pass one bill with no sick days - after Biden specifically called for them to do this. After that, Dems in the Senate chose to put both bills up for a vote. Schumer could just choose not to do that.
Lets not forget that Congress doing __absolutely nothing__ would be an acceptable outcome here, since workers could use their leverage by striking and probably force the corporations to give in. This is one of the few cases where Biden and Dems (who control the House and the Senate) could just sit back and relax, doing nothing - if they cared for the workers that is. They passed one bill with sick days to look better to the casual observer, but they knew that the bill will not pass the Senate. And the bill without sick days got more Democratic votes than Republican votes. If the passing of the bills was reversed - if the Senate decided to pass both bills first and the House voted for both bills afterwards, the bill with sick days would not pass. Or, more likely, Pelosi would simply not put it up for a vote.
And "status quo for as long as Dems win" is already things getting worse, because (for example) not increasing the minimum wage is stagnation, since inflation is constantly eating into it.
But your "reality" is that status quo will either remain the status quo for as long as Dems win, or get worse if Republicans win. So you are in favor of a system where things can only get worse by definition.