It’s been like that for a long time now. I quit my job as a bank teller 10 years ago because my whole salary was going to day care. So I’ve been a stay at home dad for 10 years now and shit has just gotten more and more expensive.
Once you have a couple kids, or more, childcare can cost more than you'll take home. It makes economic sense for a lot of people to just stay home with the kids.
Like others, it made more sense for my husband to be the stay at home parent when we had our son. My position always supplies us with insurance and I make more. He's a 1099 work for himself most of the time or works part time when our son is in school. After childcare, gas, wear and tear, it doesn't make sense. Of course things get tight, it's not easy and right now it feels impossible at times, but it's a sacrifice that allows our elementary age son to have a parent home with him. My husband actually really likes working part time and being the stay at home parent. He wasn't in a field where he was fighting for management or a level of prestige. He's a skilled welder and woodworker. So maybe working for himself didn't lend the same stresses I can see other people would feel if they left their career path to raise a family at home.
When I moved here to Texas I did all the research and wrote up a full pro-forma on running an in home daycare so my wife could stay home. The math simply makes no sense without either paying slave labor wages ($12/h is average here for childcare workers) or charging ridiculous prices. Subsidy really is the only viable answer because I won't pay people garbage to work for me so we scrapped the idea. When Texas completely runs out of child care maybe they will change their tune.
Most businesses pay out relative to risk. Working with people is inherently risky, you're always one hover parent and lawsuit away from bankruptcy. Now I have a business where I teach people with disabilities job skills and get them a job then go home. If I owned a group home or daycare I'd be worried constantly.
Don't forget the same angry hillbillies want you unable to have an abortion or birth control. So fuck you no matter what you do, even if you are responsible and know you can't afford the outrageous childcare expenses you still can't win. Work nonstop and die a virgin I guess?