The donkey hide trade is also a major route by which zoonotic infectious diseases, including Brucellosis and Leptospirosis, can be spread. There are also concerns for its ability to bring in African Horse Sickness and Burkholderia spp. diseases which would be devastating to our domestic equine species and economically damaging.
Donkey products can be used in some cases in the United States; however, because they are not considered food and fiber animals there are fewer regulations documenting medications that have been used in them, including drug residues which can kill humans.
The lawsuit claims the e-commerce giant is illegally selling products that contain "Ejiao" a gelatin made from the skin of donkeys and used in various products like health supplements - in violation of California animal welfare law.
The US Center for Contemporary Equine Studies is suing Amazon for selling products containing a donkey derivative, despite efforts from advocacy groups to halt the practice.
According to the Brooke USA Foundation, a group fighting against Amazon in support of donkey welfare, ejiao acts as &amp;quot;a hard gel that can be dissolved in hot water or alcohol to be used in food or drink, or in beauty products such as face creams.&amp;quot; Some advocacy groups and consumers claim companies are deceptively using the substance, contributing to the slaughter and skinning of millions of donkeys a year.
And I quote, "According to The Pegasus Foundation, an organization advocating to ban donkey hide products, an estimated 8 to 10 million donkeys are killed and skinned each year to meet demand for ejiao.".
Lol ... let's not be hypocritical here. We eat millions and millions of chickens, pigs and cows every day, and suddenly a little donkey skin is no-no?
Since donkeys are not endangered (40M+ population in the world), there shouldn't be a problem eating them then, according to your logic. Good that we clear that up.
Clearly, most of the 8 to 10M donkeys killed are not endangered. There are 40M donkeys in the world.