If you detest people who illegally block traffic and think this is a worthy cause to protest against, should you do it as dramatically and confrontationally as possible by inconveniencing their lives to the maximum possible degree?
All of this is punching down at people who are already being trod upon by the same late stage capitalism that's destroying both their lives and the environment, rather than focusing attention on those who are the most responsible, and I think that's both misguided and despicable. If you start burning down what little shit average people still have in this economy, don't be surprised if they start banding together to burn your shit down in retaliation while the planet burns.
Every act of protest if it is to have any teeth is an implicit threat. It says if things don't change according to the protestors' definition of better, then the next time things are going to be much less pleasant. But blocking the road changes the target of that threat. Instead of telling politicians and executives who have disproportionate power to individually influence climate policy to do better or else, it's telling average people living in cities designed around cars that that they personally need to end climate change tomorrow, or else the protestors will make their lives untenable. Need to take an ambulance to the hospital for a health emergency? You can die instead. Need to get to work on time so you can pay rent and not end up homeless? You can end up homeless instead. The protestors don't care about you. You personally fix climate change now or suffer the consequences of their protests.
A better way of bringing attention to the climate crisis. Even those positioned in fields that can make a difference in research/development for renewable energy need the public and governments to be interested in adopting clean energy so their work can be funded. There’s plenty of people that don’t have what it takes to be in those fields, so “marketing” is one way for them to make a difference even without hard skills.