The Russian dead reached about 1000 per day recently. That means 4000-5000 per day casualties (or maybe only 3000 if you trust Ukraine about how bad Russian medicine is). This is before Russia begins any big attack which would open them to casualties much much bigger than the Ukrainian ones, so it means that we may reach 10k per day within weeks or months. Even if Russia goes for a maximal 10million mobilization, that puts them at 30% total casualty rate of their young men within a year and within two would basically end the Russian nation.
The Ukrainian calculations of Russian casualty numbers have been accurate and, in fact somewhat understated when compared to leaked Russian numbers.
There have been claims, before, that they were overstated, with people saying that you would have to notice such casualty numbers but recently and now we know there are at least as many as Ukraine claimed, but possibly many more.
There is a reason why Russia has resorted to desperate tactics - admitting openly that they interfered in the US Elections, war crimes of bombarding civilian infrastructure in Ukraine and a desperate push for all their "useful idiots" in the west to keep talking about negotiations.
The have lots more people, and they have quite a bit more artillery shells, however they are already getting to the stage where they have fewer armoured vehicles, even Tanks. That's the reason for the massive ramp up of Russian casualties without any corresponding ramp on the Ukrainian side and that's the fact that Russia started sending conscripts without sufficient weapons to the front.
Vladamir Putin has figured out the west is supplying weapons (no shit shirlock), but really it's not the west fighting the war (except some of the volunteers), it's mainly Ukrainians. Russia is so fucked and so is the idea of bringing back the soviet union, it didn't work out that well for the 24 million dead from world war 2, that was a lack of support from the government sort of like what is happening right now to Russians being conscripted. Makes me think it's Russia's population control. .
Yes. The Soviet Union had 35,000 nuclear weapons and about 3,200 in Ukraine, Kazakhstan, and Belarus at the moment of its dissolution.
And I'll just leave this one here on one small point: Ukraine had thousands of nuclear weapons. If it had spent $0 in the past 30 years on nuclear warhead maintenance, would it completely lose its deterrence value against Russia's attempt at a full invasion?
"To put it into perspective, the US spends more on maintaining its nuclear arsenal of 3,750 warheads than Russia does on its entire military.".