This right here. They've gotten criticism for their use of the so called shadow docket, so they'll sometimes times hear arguments for appearances sake. You could predict pretty much how any of they rulings will do these days.
That's exactly why we have LGBTQ rights in the first place. Things like the Compton Cafeteria Riots or Stonewall, that's what advanced our rights. But conditions were horrible and people had to die before any progress was made. And a lot of that progress took decades.
If Half the Country (actually less) is conservative, then they shouldn't get 100% of the say should they? That's not how democracy works. And right now, the Courts are pretty much the prime legislative branch. Given they are legislating from the bench themselves. They even decided racism wasn't a thing anymore so they could ignore the text of the voting rights act. What gave them the authority to disregard a law because they didn't agree with it? Not the constitution. What gave them the authority to say that "National Security" trumps your individual rights in the recent boarder guard case? Not the constitution. They write the laws, essentially. They're throwing out rights. They have no oversight, and every ruling they make is conservative. That's not democracy, that's authoritarianism. And their rulings should not be respect for that reason.
That's what the court is supposed to be. The judicial branch is check and balance on the other two branches. If a law violates the Constitution, it's thrown out. It doesn't matter what the "democracy" wants. Laws passed by the legislative branch has to be within the boundaries set by the Constitution. We are Constitutional Republic, not a democracy.
It's like how we are in this problem right now with abortion. A liberal judge looks at that constitution and says abortion is in there. A conservative judge says, "where?".
And. I’d we can make the homophobes and hateful bigots feel guilt and shame over thier behavior. Actions, and beliefs. Maybe they won’t be so hateful and anti American. I personally. Don’t care about damaging people who damage others via the use of shame and guilt. The homophobes are committing terrorism, which make shame look non damaging.