That’s my understanding. I think it is important to point out though that it could be enforced through the shipping insurance ships are typically required to have to dock at a port and unload their oil. This is at least what some other articles I’ve read / videos I’ve watched are saying. Who is in the business of supplying shipping insurance? Apparently, it’s generally western countries (like potentially up to 90%). If this is all true (I assume it generally is, but would like to read more about it), these insurance companies could forbid their insured customers from shipping oil over $30. Of course, I’m sure it is more complicated than that.
It isn't that simple. India doesn't have a lot of oil transport infrastructure between them and Russia, so they can't handle a lot. Also, oil is trading at around $76 a barrel, and this is on a downward trend over 6 months, meaning that India is likely going to request a price lower than $76 a barrel, but more than $30 a barrel to make up for increased shipping costs. To further complicate things, Russia will likely demand payment in denominations India isn't used to to shore up foreign cash reserves.
Like if a Russian-insured oil tanker is in the Red Sea and spills oil, Egypt and Saudi Arabia would be the two countries primarily cleaning it up, and would demand money from Russia. Whatever Russian insurance company would not likely have the capital for that, and/or they might insist on paying in rubles rather than Euros or US dollars. This would immediately bring into question every Russian tanker, especially those insured in Russia, and you'd likely see a lot of countries forbidding Russian tankers to be in their waters, barring them from sitting off their coasts, and banning them from entering their ports.
- Finally, the Russians can impose export restrictions to countries trying to impose the oil cap, not just of oil but other critical raw materials such as titanium and uranium. They can still very well use things like potash and wheat as leverage against countries that try to pay a priced cap for their oil.