You hit the nail on the head here in the US. We are where your country was at the end of ww2. All the maga's heads think, or are told ,we should be running the world, and we need no other countries. That died in the 80s if it were even ever true. Hence, all the military supplies and aid. Throw in some chest beating, too.
Usa had top members of cabinets go due to security issues and a percieved, too much of a distraction for the people of Ukraine. Several senators and congress people have gone.
I would say that Russia was in step with us. Some areas ahead in some, some behind. For example, We didn't know about the heads display until some defector in a mig showed up here. They had it inservice for 3 years before we knew, but that was the ussr. After the collapse, they had 10 years of major theft done by privates to generals to live off of or become wealthy. The system they have now is corrupt from the top down. How don't you know warehouses full of equipment like tanks are striped of everything. Alcoholism is rampant in the troops, which is caused by unhappiness. They still have good weapons designers, but they need to import components from around the world, which makes you vulnerable. They had functioning hypersonic missles about 5 years ahead of us. I saw videos of ours breaking up before covid. Again, greed kicked in, making something better but short it on important parts so pockets could be lined. Here pockets being lined is out in the open, but we don't go short on parts. Really fighter jet and other equipment with no or usless guidance systems. SLAVA UKRAINI.
Can confirm, am Ukrainian. Never was a fan of BoJo. Don't know a lot about Sunak for now, time will tell.
That said, most Ukrainians don't know or care about UK politics and they blindly adore whoever comes from UK, because UK as a whole helps us so much.
Many if not most people in the uk done support BoJo or Sunack but do support their support of Ukraine and that while they do a lot we don't agree with, credit where credit is due.
To be fair, Ukrainians are not going to be following UK politics very closely, so all they see is the PM of the UK showing loads of support for them and apparently doing what they can to help in their time of need. Can't blame them for having a very different view of Boris and Sunak than us Brits.