The Russians do love them some war crimes and atrocities. I am sure it will result in them being hunted down not unlike the Nazis after WWII. We in the rest of the world need to leverage our elected officials not to end sanctions while war criminals walk free in Russia.
A new thread, a new day, and a new year. May 2023 bring victory for Ukraine and sharp defeat for the enemies of self-determination, autonomy, and democracy everywhere!
I wish you, your family, your friends, your people, and your country all the best in this coming year - may it be the year this conflict ends with Ukraine reclaiming its peace, its people, and its territory!
P.S. I remember earlier on people were talking about making your comments into a book, which I think is a great idea Though perhaps a website could also work. There's also the question of whether your replies to peoples' comments should be included, and how to refer to those people replying to you, whether it'd require permission from them or something. I remember some of your replies were very helpful in expanding on the details of your situation. Then there’s the question of whether or not to include the karma of the comments too… anyway, those are some interesting technical details that will have to be considered at a later date – but hopefully that date comes soon.
Hi /u/SaberFlux, I just want to say that I really appreciate your updates that you've been doing over this past year. I’ve just been observing, but your updates have really helped me to understand just a little bit about what you and many of the Ukrainian people have been going through in this awful war. Your updates have really helped connect us to the human side, the human aspect of what life is like during this war, and helped me understand on a deeper level what it is like, and further justified why Ukraine needs as much support as we can give it. I hate war, but that is precisely why Ukraine must be victorious, and must be supported so it can achieve it.
Seriously hoping for Ukraine to win and obliterate Russia this year, for everyone on both sides of the border. The whole world needs it.
Honestly yeah, not sure what I'd do. So far I was lucky to survive but who knows how long that will last. Obviously zero funds or marketable skills to leave anywhere. (Currently a library worker so yeah).