Because Musk said “maybe there’s more to this story than meets the eye” you call it misinformation, and then procede to call Musk an Agent of Putin lol. You’re the reason why Musk had to take over Twitter because you guys call everything you disagree with misinformation. Anyone with half a brain understand the Paul Pelosi situation isn’t adding up.
There’s been a lot of evils in history that were considered truths, but if we aren’t allowed to talk about them (because it’s misinformation), we can’t debate them. I’d rather allow for the public square of debate, rather than act as an arbiter of truth on who can and can’t speak. Because as we’ve seen, people will call everything they disagree with “intentional lies” rather than “a conclusion they disagree with.”.
You just said “free speech” doesn’t cover straight up lying. You miss the point in that without free speech, you can’t call out lies. That’s what the people who are speculating about Paul Pelosi are doing. They think that the news media is lying, so they’re trying to produce speculation. Exactly what OP commenter did about Musk being bought by Putin. It’s probably not true, but I support him being able to speculate and put pieces to a puzzle together on any theory he may have, what if Twitter removed his theory and called it “misinformation”? What if his stupid theory happened to be true?
Great, you should do that. If you see lies, expose them. But let’s not ignore the rhetoric seen on these comments, and assumedly you, that indicates that Twitter has a moral obligation to censor anything that’s seen as “misinformation,” according to them.
We should expect that Democrats will get upset they can't blatantly spread lies on Twitter anymore, but them throwing tantrums is a small price to pay as we can't let them be the "arbiters of truth" any longer.
Just lets hope the truth is not manipulated like the last time, you know like they did last time where they banned a truthful news story because it hurt one candidate.