Whenever I see so called centrists trot out the "over 70% of the country supports gay marriage, so there's nothing to worry about" line, I just roll my eyes.
So, while general apathy is way better than what we had even 15-20 years ago, we do not actually enjoy the support of over 70% of the country. We enjoy most of the country not wanting us dead, but not willing to lift a finger to stop the hate.
So, while a large part of the country is fine with gay marriage, I guarantee a large part also doesn't care if it goes away. They don't care if the queer suicide rate goes up. They don't care if we're treated as humans. As long as they get their cheap gas and peace at the family dinner table, they'll vote Republican and defend bigots over hurt minorities.
It's easy to respond in the affirmative on a poll on a topic you don't care about, but perceive social stigma for being against. That poll isn't measuring actual support, but something closer to apathy. I know centrists who "support" gay marriage, but defend the don't say gay bills. Ones who also think queer people are too woke and need to tone it down. Ones who tell their queer relatives to "drop it" when uncle Jim is over calling queer people groomers/pedophiles, just to have a "nice dinner with the family", knowing their queer family member is more likely to acquiesce than the bigot. There's also the ones who "Don't care about the gays" but will vote Republican no matter what, and make excuses that it's just 1 issue they disagree with, so it's not a deal breaker.
And in their mind, the majority of republicans in Indiana don't support it, so the republican senator not going with that opinion is an outrage.
She won by just more than that although I believe Republicans flipped a couple more house seats and can kill the part of the Montana constitution they hate most, the right to clean air and water.
The guy who greeted me at the local DNC was in Pajamas, I was given a clip board with questions on who people were voting for and to offer a ride to polling places.
Still angry do to the behavior of Trumps party I called for yard signs in 2020 and was told to come pick them up. I can promise if I had called the GOP it would have been, how many and how big?
This Republican was so pissed trump won in 2016 I volunteered in 2018 for the democrats, I was motivated, angry and wanted Republicans punished at the ballot box.