To be fair, the support Ukraine received from the world was a lot different to the support they're getting now. When Crimea was being taken, countries were silent. Now, NATO is helping provide weapons and equipment to Ukraine. Countries and foreigners are donating to Ukraine and paying for communication services, etc....
This war shows Russia that it's too weak and corrupt and it's lost too much while gaining too little. Ukraine will also become NATO allied once war with Russia ends.
Why do you think Ukraine can win this war? The longer this goes on the worse it will get for Ukraine.
Fucking Christ, it's like people only think about this war in the long term effects on Ukraine and not the long-term effects on Russia.
If they keep fighting like this, there's only two ways this war can end: Russia gives up and goes home or they kill every last person in Ukraine. Putin doesn't have the humility for the former or the manpower for the latter.
Propaganda is a hell of a drug. People are suggesting Ukraine give up so that no more territory is taken. They can't even remember what happened eight years ago, let alone would happen 70 years ago.
It's not that Ukraine can necessarily win, it's that they can't lose. Do you know why people say the United States cannot be occupied? Everyone has a gun and everyone would rather die. Russia's constantly giving up territory that they have taken because they cannot afford to hold it.
That's just the baseline, the negotiations should really be about what sanctions stay on Russia and for how long. If Russia wants to negotiate, they can negotiate that. If the baseline can't even be accomplished, you can't trust Russia to not invade a third time and any deal would be worth less than the paper it's printed on.
I agree with you Russia isn't going to win this war, but if you think all THAT is going to happen... I don't really know what to tell you. I would be incredibly surprised if when peace talks actually pick up Crimea even really comes up in discussions, let alone any reparations at all. Both countries are hurting pretty badly, and their grand ambitions (for Russia, capturing Kiev, and for Ukraine, retaking Crimea) are just laughably unfeasible right now.