They didn't need to keep anything from him. He wouldn't read it anyway. I doubt it would have made the cut when his staff condensed the daily briefing down to thing that Trump would actually read.
It honestly wouldn’t surprise me if he wasn’t paying attention in briefings and didn’t know they were there. But he also lies so frequently that it could go either way.
What a chump and a chronic liar. In addition to Chinese balloons flying over the USA during Trump's reckless and destructive SINGLE term as a failed president, Trump and his lackeys also handed Afghanistan over to the Taliban by locking the Afghanistan government out of the withdrawal negotiations and releasing Taliban terrorists who had been imprisoned. Then he withdrew all but 2,500 US troops out and basically handed over the keys to the car in the ditch to Biden.
Only far-right religious zealots believe that. Unfortunately,some things are beyond our control, and in order to reverse the withdraw, the US would've had to send tends of thousands of troops in because the Taliban was already signalling that they were tired of waiting an were about to mount an offensive.
THey effectively made a deal with the taliban, gutted forces and then at every opportunity blocked and stalled attempts to bring in every Afghan who helped the US military with information, translation or any other services. thousands and thousands of people who would be targets for torture and killing and made it near impossible to withdraw them by the dates set.
Trump didn't work with the Afghan government and dealt with the Taliban, they actively said here have the country back we're gone. Then they instead of securing all the people they needed to pull out intentionally slowed the withdrawal of US citizens, personnel and any Afghans who should be able to move to the US as they helped the military during hte war. They left that all till there were too few troops for protection and too little time. Biden tried to get the date moved back and tried to get more of those people cleared to travel to the US and republicans blocked it.
Too little time, too few people on the ground and a stone walling republican party who wanted that withdrawal to both happen under Biden and for it to be as bad as it could be.