desantis saying he will have any federal election monitors arrested if they went near any polling places in Florida doesn't really help his case much. Not wanting any federal oversight into your heavily gerrymandered elections combined trump claiming to have used the FBI to win you an election 4 years ago definitely puts a big fat red flag on your state.
He's almost certainly lying because he believes that using the FBI to install governors in red states would increase his support. Unfortunately for desantis, his idiotic strongman act threatening to arrest any federal election monitors in Florida combined with trumps dumbass claim makes the state's elections sound pretty bad. Doesn't help much that Florida has a history of shady election bullshit that never really gets looked into.
I mean even though it was obvious bullshit we did investigate the claims of voter fraud and election stolen last election too.
A known liar who trades in stolen election conspiracies for the sole purpose of protecting his own ego. This is just a different form, where his ego is threatened by losing to another Republican, so he has to claim credit for that Republican's career. And people who believe it believe it for the same reason Trump supporters believe his other stolen election conspiracy theories: they don't want to believe their guy lost.
In the same way, I can recognize your rationalizing of Trump's lies from the other people who believe his stolen election conspiracies, just coping with losing.
But separate your PTSD from the whole election stolen shit from the last election and remember that Republicans subtle ways to fugde there elections in there favor has been kinda common knowledge for decades now way before any of that.
Being from KY myself, I instinctively think it’s rigged for the Senate races at the very least, but I have a hard time talking about it outside of anonymous Reddit…after the election denial of 2020, I feel a responsibility to respect the results of our elections. But inside, it’s a real struggle, because I know that if the UN were to “monitor” KY’s elections there would be huge red flags on the senate front, based on everything in the article you just posted. Absolutely sucks .