Yes, but in Catherine’s case, she literally grew up in Prussia as Sophie von Anhalt-Zerbst. She only took up the name “Catherine” after conversion to Russian Orthodoxy for her marriage.
She converted from Lutheranism to the Russian Orthodox faith, changed her name to that of Elizabeth’s late mother, Catherine, and learned Russian. Peter came to the throne in 1762 and threatened to incarcerate her in a convent so that he could marry his mistress. Instead, Catherine seized the throne via a military coup. Her husband, Peter III died while being held prisoner.
Ukraine was ruled by the Ottoman empire, the Russian Empire, the Austro-Hungarian Empire, Poland and Lithuania, and the Soviet Union before declaring itself a separate nation on August 24, 1991.
Empress Catherine II “the Great” annexed much of what is now the Ukraine through wars with the Ottoman Empire and the partition of Poland and brutally suppressed the largest peasant rebellion in Russian history.
She was the sponsor of the enlightenment philosophers and at the same time it was her who stripped all remaining rights of peasants, destroyed autonomy rule of the Ukrainian hetmanate and then put the yoke of the harshest serfdom on Ukrainian peasants. The greatest Ukrainian writer and artist Taras Shevchenko was born and raised as a serf and then bought by a noble who paid for his tuition at art academy in St. Petersburg, basically a slave who got lucky in life. His grandfather was a Cossack who was made into a serf under Catherine the second(I’m not gonna call her “the great”). There should be no monument to that hypocritical bitch in Ukraine.
This one statue is a big part of Ukrainian history? That's news to me. Did Americans suddenly forget about the Civil War when the Confederate statues were taken down?
That's literally what some people were arguing about those Confederate statues, that it was erasing history. Taking this statue down is to deglorify Russian imperialism and not praise an authoritarian ruler, there, happy with using your reasoning for this situation? You are trying to tie this into other issues that are not what this article is about.