Here is a more recent article on Kilimnic by a journalist who actually directly interviewed Kilimnic... one of the biggest surprises from this is that not a single investigator from any US government agency even attempted to contact Kilimnic for questioning, not even once. And to my knowledge, that hasn't been contested by any US governmental entity. There is always the possibility that Kilimnic would refuse, but to not even attempt to speak to him truly boggles the mind. The same applies to Mueller's curious decision to not speak with Assange/Wikileaks. Assange openly offered to show proof to the FBI that it received the DNC info from a non-state actor. Why would the investigators not entertain that idea? Even if they doubted it would be fruitful, it doesn't make sense to completely ignore it when helpful evidence could be recieved, observed, or discerned even from a person trying to be deceitful. I think it suggests more of a willful avoidance of information that runs counter to the preferred narrative.
The Trump Tower meeting: Yes, Russian lawyer Veselnitskaya indeed met with Fushion GPS founder Glenn Simpson (who hired Steele for the opposition research on Trump) on the same day as her meeting with Trump Jr, both before and after. I can provide a source if you like. However close you suppose this Russian lawyer came to facilitating "collusion" with the Trump campaign, she seems to have been even closer to Trump's 2016 political foes. It may have even been a setup to further tie Trump to Russia (if so, they succeeded in creating Trump-Russia media buzz).
The premise is that there was no relationship between Trump/campaign and Russia, and the media made it out like there was.
When Trump's son and other campaign officials met with Russians to try and obtain information to use against Hillary Clinton.
"When Trump's son and other campaign officials met with Russians to try and obtain information to use against Hillary Clinton" - this was a meeting set up by Fusion GPS, the originators of the bogus Steele dossier. Trump's team didn't use the Fusion info, and never offered anything to Veletskiya. Some collaboration!