The situation on the front line was analyzed and countermeasures against missile and drone terror were discussed at meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief.
“I held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief today – it was quite long, three hours. We analyzed the situation on the front line in great detail – in all directions, on the energy front, the situation on the borders. The Commander-in-Chief, commanders, head of intelligence, Prime Minister, Minister of Defense, head of border guards delivered reports. We know what the enemy is preparing for. We will respond and continue to liberate our land. Everything related to the defense forces supply support was also analyzed thoroughly. These are equipment, ammunition, communication, winter uniforms. Countermeasures against missile and drone terror were considered separately – there are already quite significant results in this, the percentage of shooting down has become higher, but there is still work to be done,” President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky said in his evening address.
In addition, the United States will send 45 upgraded T-72B tanks with improved optics, communication and armor, as well as 1,100 Phoenix Ghost tactical UAVs, 40 armored river boats, secure communications and surveillance systems to Ukraine.
As reported, the U.S. Department of Defense announced a new package of security assistance to Ukraine, which provides for the allocation of funds for the modernization of HAWK surface-to-air missiles for their further transfer to Ukraine.
There is also a lot of war material in the US military that could be donated or sold to Ukraine, and there is industrial support that could help the Ukrainian people.
There are also thousands of 80s-00s armoured vehicles, aircraft, and munitions that could be transferred from the US to Ukraine for only the cost of shipping and training. The US keeps these in mothballed storage in case the US ever gets invaded (somehow...), and since it costs money to keep them maintained, arguably they would be better used in Ukraine rather than being stored until they reach the ends of their lives and have to be scrapped.