Who cares if the gun is legal or not? The question was where he got it. Bought it in the 70s and kept it hidden is a fairly likely answer.
Read the comment thread prior to this point. One dude asked where the gun came from, another dude answered and a 3rd dude tried to “win” the discussion by bringing up legality like he was slam dunking everyone.
And I wonder why they wouldn’t admit it’s illegal during a national debate on banning legal firearms and doing nothing to address illegal handguns 🙄.
This is one of the somewhat silly things about the current moves by the Canadian Government to further ban and restrict now and recently legal firearms - the people doing the majority of the crimes aren't using firearms obtained in this country, so the problem is really a border problem.
Not entirely sure how to respond to the majority of this, to be honest, but the point is that the vast majority of guns involved in crimes in Canada are not being used by Canadians who obtained them legally, and neither are they even weapons stolen from Canadian owners.
Now, given that we live next door to one of the biggest gun owning countries in the world, and given that absolute majority of guns used in crimes in Canada come from the US and are used by criminals who illegally possess them, why on earth would you think that legal gun owners in canada, the most heavily vetted and regulated people known to man, are the problem?
Considering the absolute majority crimes committed with guns in Canada come from by unlicensed owners who have no legal rights to own them - please explain to me how licensed Canadian gun owners are the problem? We aren't the US. Handguns in Canada are considered restricted firearms, which means you have to take two three day safety courses, apply for a license which has a rigorous background and reference checks that require you to provide the names of all of the people you've been in relationships with recently, your spouse, etc etc, and after '2-3 months' (it's been much longer lately) you are given your license if everything checks out.