3) sign it, then claim Ukraine broke it thus giving them an excuse to join the Russian effort further.
Finally, signing such a pact would allow Belarus to allow Russia to launch attacks from Belarus, without allowing Ukraine to strike back.
But if Belarus invades Ukraine, and they are the aggressors, suddenly everything in Belarus is a legitimate target. All the Russian troops that are stationed there, all the Belarussian troops, all of the government buildings, internal police, etc. All of it becomes a legitimate target of war.
Lukashenko is under a lot of pressure by Putin to join the war, but he has to balance this against the risk of his own regime becoming legitimate targets. It's not inconceivable that Ukraine could cooperate with Belarusian resistance forces to knock out enough military and governmental infrastructure with air and artillery strikes to make the Lukashenko regime vulnerable. They could also work with their Western allies to arm Belarusian resistance forces. Suddenly the Belarusian army and police will have to deal with a flood of weapons including small arms and more dangerous things like Javelins and NLAWs. The West absolutely could provide these weapons to Belarusian resistance forces now, but again, unless Belarus attacks first, it would amount to an "unprovoked aggression" against Belarus. Again, if Ukraine is seen as striking first, it would severely degrade the diplomatic standing they currently enjoy.
It would also strongly be in Ukraine's interests to see Lukashenko removed from power. A free Belarus aligned with the West would be an enormous boon to Ukraine. It would mean that Ukraine's northern front would be completely safe from invasion, meaning they can devote more troops to other fronts. A free Belarus would also be a great ally for Ukraine. Long-term, it would mean a much more defensible border against future Russian aggression. With Belarus firmly in the Russian orbit, Ukraine is effectively surrounded on three sides. With Belarus and Crimea recaptured, Ukraine would only have to worry about invasion from one side.
Luka would sign it, forced by Putin, only to get more Russian troops into Belarus, and closer to Kyiv. Hoping for Ukraine to let their guard down on the north so Putin could try and take Kyiv again like last year.