It's crazy how much Russia relies on radioactivity for relevance and clout. Article says they wanted to capture Ukrainian nuclear plants - to threaten Europe with accidents.
(Over and above invading Ukraine and so making any country ever willingly giving up nuclear weapons again a sadly unlikely prospect).
If NATO were to allow Ukraine to fall because of Russia's offensive nuclear threat, they they'd face the same choice at the border of, say Estonia, and not back down even in the face of a Russian offensive nuclear threat.
If NATO would defend bordering NATO nations even in the face of offensive Russian nuclear attacks, they've already decided that they'll risk nuclear war to prevent Russia from taking sovereign European countries. So NATO member nations (not as a NATO action) are choosing now to help defend Ukraine militarily. NATO member nations have already decided that risking nuclear war with offensive nuclear Russia is worth it.
If Russia shows a willingness to actually launch nukes, then containment and threat of retaliation no longer applies, as Russia has already launched.
That distinction is irrelevant to the existential threat Russians, the group that would be using nuclear offensive weapons.
This whole thread is predicated on the idea that there are Russians that don't care and will launch nukes offensively.
No, because Russia can choose to not use offensive nukes. If we, the rest of the world, simply call Russia's bluff and say "if you do or not, its not going to change our actions", then Russia doesn't gain anything by using them.
If the world folded and let Russia take Ukraine because of fear of Russian offensive nuclear strikes, why would NATO then intervene and risk the same Russian offensive strikes? If not now, why then?
If you're taking the stance you described with its apparent answer, then the answer to the question of "If not now, why then?" should be, "Ukraine is not NATO, let them die to Russia", but clearly NATO members have not taken that stance, and instead the opposite. Ukraine is NOT a NATO member, yet NATO is clearly taking the risk of Russian offensive nuclear war.
Since those Russians wouldn't make a distinction, nor is/should NATO. NATO members came to that same conclusion, hence the decision to back Ukraine militarily.