Lithium is a relatively abundant Minerals on Earth, it is "rare", because until recently only the most obvious deposits where enough for the world market. Only recently it became strategic so people actually started really exploring for it, and, ooh wonder, are finding deposits everywhere. Thats why the rare Lithium for Batteries scares where always overblown (and likely funded by big oil).
Regardless of that it's a significant discovery, not only is it lithium it's rumoured to be of high grade lithium.
Good example of the fact that lithium is traditionally so plentiful that it isn't even counted as a commodity. The Potash Corporation of Nevada/Utah was originally called the Lithium Corporation but they bailed on lithium because it was worth less than dirt. Potassium is worth slightly more than dirt at the wholesale level.
Nah, lithium is not a desirable chemistry for stationary energy storage. Sodium and flow batteries can be made at even lower prices and don't require any scarce resources but they're not necessarily ideal for transportation. For storing solar energy in fixed locations, though, they make great sense and can certainly beat lithium on price once they are manufactured at a large scale.
At this moment in time, in this snapshot of the transition to renewables that is 2023, lithium based batteries are certainly your best bet. LiFePO4 is a much better choice than lead-acid for the time being and they will be cheaper in the near future. I'm sure that's true. But it's also true that even lower cost alternatives that don't use lithium at all will also be available in the next few years and this is what I was emphasizing.
Also unlike most ressources there is an maximal Lithium price, dependent on energy prices, which anyone can charge. If the price stays above that for to long, it becomes economic to extract Lithium out of Seawater which unlocks a near limitless supply. And we are not that far away from that process hitting a positive ROI in places where you are already desalinating water anyways. So its probably only a matter of time until companies emerge that buy excess solar on sunny days for pennys to produce freshwater and lithium to sell, in dry coastal regions.