This creates an incentive for companies to drop trans care entirely nationwide. That will be the eventual impact.
Republicans are very good at finding ways around limitations on their power to implement their agenda.
It’ll be super interesting to see how republicans keep the business support that they need to get elected with things like this. They’ve always been the party of “we have your back businesses, we’ll get you those tax breaks”. This is making businesses wonder if they can’t get the tax breaks from democrats. Which democrats should run like hell with.
And honestly ones you would want. Organs are hard enough to come by without them going into patients that are statistically unlikely to survive the procedure.
It’s kind of weird to have the perspective of “I want to be able to have procedures despite it being medically risky to the people performing them” so I’m fine with significantly more people than me not being able to get procedures. Especially when the only example given is one in which fixing the medical risk is both easy and medically recommended anyway. With the possible exception of people for whom vaccines are medically risky due to allergies or something… however it’s unlikely they’d fall into the bucket of being denied medical care if that was the situation to begin with.
But again, I haven't seen any examples of someone unable to get the healthcare they need simply because they refused to get vaccinated, with the exception of organ transplant. I'm not as familiar with other countries, but in the US the doctor and US organ donation system is making the call on who is at the top of the organ recipient list, not the insurance companies. Organ recipients are required to adopt lifestyle changes and get vaccinations to ensure the lowest risk/highest success rates to get to the front of the line for the next available, compatible organ. All that is completely independent of if they've paid their fair share in insurance premiums. Even with the best private insurance money can buy, you still won't get a healthy organ to swap for your dying one if you're not willing to put in the effort to allow for the best-possible outcome for that organ. That sourcing part of the procedure has nothing to do with private vs socialized medicine, as a quick search online seems to indicate most countries handle that portion similarly.
. High level takewaway: "Government-sponsored plans, like Canada’s, are frequently publicly-portrayed as limiting choice. However, there is clear evidence that for Canada’s health care system, less choice in insurance coverage (although guaranteed), has not resulted in less choice of hospitals, physicians, and diagnostic testing and treatments compared to the U.S. In fact, there is arguably more.".
. High level takeways: Neither Canadians nor their doctors are flocking to the US for better health care opportunities, wait times, or outcomes.