Corrupt slob Trump revealed his own investigation. No one knew NARA and the DOJ were trying to get Trumo to return the classified documents for over a year. They had to issue a subpoena, and Trump still did not comply. He only returned some of the boxes he had in his possession. Then, after not complying again, a search warrant had to be issued!
President Biden requested items from his official at the Penn Biden Center. In those boxes were items pertaining to his son Beau's death from brain cancer in 2015. Among those items was an envelope marked VP Personal. As soon as his lawyers found it contained classified documents, they immediately closed it and reported to NARA. DOJ did not have to pull teeth to retrieve the documents and immediately searched other places. Even if documents were packed up inadvertently, there is no excuse for anyone to be sloppy. Better procedures need to be put in place. President Biden had 1 document marked top secret, and Trump had 60. The bottom line is President Biden did the right thing, and Trump obstructed and claimed they belonged to him, which is not true.
You are the one who said Biden reported himself so it must have relevant to you an it’s clearly not true. I’m not saying they did anything wrong. what I’m saying is let’s not jump to conclusions that they did everything right. They kept this to themselves since 11/02. Before the election. They had no intention of telling the public. During that time Biden criticized Trump for the handling of those documents . Trump should be criticized because the Trump team signed an affidavit stating they had no more documents and they did. But right now 2 locations had documents that were classified that Biden forgot about. And they were found at 3 different times. They may find some more tomorrow. We don’t know. We also don’t know if anyone was looking for those documents. If no one was looking for them then why weren’t they? There should be a clear chain of custody.
Actually we know someone didn’t follow the rules. You don’t accidentally take classified documents. He may have forgotten he had them in multiple locations but that doesn’t look good either. We don’t know, when they were discovered, if they did follow the rules. Right now it looks like they might have but Biden was slamming Trump for taking documents when he already knew he had too. Yes Trump team signed an affidavit saying they gave them all back and as we know now it was bullshit but we don’t know anything yet about Biden.