But without Autopilot, the customer would have died. Why is it that a 15 minute chase that lead to the survival of the driver is a bad thing? You rather that he crashed the second he fell asleep?
Somehow the article tried to attack self driving when it did the best it could with an irresponsible user. And no one died. Shouldn't that mean the autopilot WORKED?
Lastly, autopilot in aircraft require training to use. Not only people generally don't know that, they also don't know what precisely autopilot does in a plane. Naming Tesla's lane keep assist / radar cruise control after "autopilot" is playing on people's ignorance on the subject. That's why people find the term very objectionable.
Most GA aircrafts that you're referring to do have basic autopilots, but vast majority of the autopilots are operated by airliners. Writing airliners off when they are the largest users of autopilot functions just because it doesn't support your argument is disingenuous.
Yes there are autopilots nowadays that can land the aircraft automatically and such, but those are very fancy and rare outside of large airliners.
However, aircraft autopilots work in 3 dimensions with 6 degrees of freedom and control the aircraft through multiple modes of motion that land-based vehicles never experience, like Dutch roll, phugoid, and turbulence. They are also equipped with automatic terrain avoidance systems to steer the aircraft up and away from ground obstacles.
With respect to computer vision, some aircraft are equipped with synthetic vision systems that use IR and visual cameras to “see” in the dark and through clouds and fog. These are primarily pilot aids, though some systems have started to integrate the data they generate with the autopilot for precision landings.
There is a parallel between autopilot development in airplanes and similar systems in land vehicles, and that’s in terms of how much assistance they provide to and how extensively they can be trusted by the pilot/driver. It took decades for aircraft autopilots to be reliable and accurate enough to be certified to land airplanes in poor visibility. The human-machine interface needed to accurately engage operating modes and convey system status to operators has evolved significantly in airplanes, and the odds of failure that would cause loss of life are somewhere around 10^-6.