I'm beginning to think that political people who don't go through the normal vetting process to handle classified information aren't treating it as carefully as people who might lose their job for mishandling it.
You're not wrong - they said as much when Trump's mishandling became public, that forgotten documents and such is pretty common in transition periods, and they have standard systems and procedures for rectifying the issue when it does. It's a complete non-issue so long as people report and cooperate when documents are found.
You're continuing to intentionally ignore what the actual issue is and always been. The problem isn't that they were in possession of documents in the first place. The difference is that in _ONLY ONE OF THESE CASES_ did the person with the documents refuse to answer subpoenas, refuse to return documents, lied to the authorities about where they were, how many there were, their classification levels, etc. In both the other cases, the individuals in question contacted the authorities of their own volition to get documents returned rather than fighting to keep them.
He was never "the only one that did this". When his issue became public info, it was clearly stated by the authorities that this is something that happens all the time, and tends not to be an issue because _people cooperate with said authorities and return the documents when found_. The issue in Trump's case is not that he had documents he was supposed to have returned, it's _that he continued to return them, fought with the FBI to avoid returning them, lied in increasingly stupid ways to avoid having to return them, lied about having declassified them, lied about having returned them, lied about them having been planted_, and much, much more. Had he just given them over, there would not have been a problem, which is the case with Pence, the case with Biden, and the case with every other person who has found and willingly returned documents without the FBI having to fight them for it.
My dream is that the way Biden handled it (inviting the FBI to search his place, go over everything with a fine toothed-comb) is to give him justification for doing the same to trump in the future. He can say "look I went through it so you have to too".