Business ? Business is just the dumb side of hating humans. Honestly if someone was taking 10 he'll even 20% cut for corruption but was doing a good job other wise it would still be understandable. Bad ? Yes. But still understandable. I hate humans for more complicated reasons. For example if i remember the year correctly in 2017 there was a rape case that happened in Kashmir where victim was basically kept hostage and assaulted in temple. Parents of the victim were looking for her but they didn't search the temple because they thought nobody who keep someone hostage there. That probably is enough to make an average person get upset, right ? After it became clear what happened bjp people there took out a protest with indian flag and everything IN SUPPORT OF THE ACCUSED. Still don't hate humanity enough? Once this thing started getting attention you can guess the regular political drama so no point in pointing out towards more messed up behaviour by bjp so I will give you something that will make you hate humanity. It was top searched for term on xvideos. Know what makes it even worst ? The rape in a holy place, the political support for accused, the fact that people were searching for a rape video on a porn site ? The victim was not even 10 iirc.
The issue is it cell who make sure that pro bjp propaganda keep flooding most places. Also bjp is not forgetting about gen Z. The exam discussion thing where our great leader the only person in the world with degree in entire political science tells kids how to prepare for exams, there are books for kids "written by" our great leader and the Mann ki baat program all come together to try to get kids to think that Modi is someone they should look up to.
There is still one good thing that might come from this drama. India media loves to claim that Modi is popular worldwide. If this thing makes it so that every where he goes there is a protest waiting kind of like what happened to trust it might start chipping at the idea that Modi is causing world to respect india and that Modi is loved around the globe.
I used to think that my country was a secular and free one, but Modi had to fuck it all up with his Hindu nationalism bullshit, worked so well my dad tried for weeks to send me into the RSS too. F him.