That's me. Work a full time job, still can't afford any place decent. Meanwhile, landlording is so profitable that large companies are making it a priority to buy up housing. Thinking that's not right makes me the jerk, somehow.
The "just build more housing" thing doesn't pass the sniff test. It couldn't hurt, but rent is raising faster than the population. In other words, this is driven by greed, not demand. I am very skeptical that increasing the supply will cause the landlords to take a profit cut and lower rent.
If you think of it only from the "buy" perspective, companies buying homes to rent out hurts, but this actually adds rental supply and thus lowers rent prices (relative to what they would have been). However, rent is still increasing, because we have a general shortage of housing.
Housing prices are only increasing due to a shortage. There's tons of research on the strong relationship between vacancy rates and prices, between new construction and prices. (More building = lower prices).
The only solution is to build more housing. We need to remove the barriers that landowners have setup to block new housing. Whether it's public housing from the government, or new private housing from developers, doesn't really matter. In either case, more housing will solve the problem.
There's not really a housing shortage. That's the wolf in sheep's clothing to keep everyone at bay. The real issue is that the way housing is currently set up is based on an era that has since come and gone. People are having way less children, people are commuting to work farther and farther, family sizes are much smaller and the whole dynamic has changed. We also have an aging demographic that are living in multiple homes that are way too big and priced out of the reach of a young family sometimes to the tune of 100 times the original price and not updated since the day it was purchased. Added to that is investment arm. Land values are rising, while the structures that are on them, not so much. However, this is housing and it is being torn down and rebuilt at the cost of gentrification and the added bonus of not actually adding any new housing stock and being substantially more expensive than whatever it replaced. Dense multifamily and commercial mixed zoning is great for the city tax coffers and the developer and the stock holders, but not so much for the people it intends to benefit. Locals are generally priced out of these projects. The boogey man has and will be the "lack of housing" and "city zoning codes" but that often doesn't actually correlate with the affordability of the region. Some places are more restrictive than others and have seen the value drop and the availability increase while others with laxer codes have had an opposite effect occur. I don't have any clear answers because the reason for this crisis is mired in half truths and the ruling class has no desire to lay bare the true causes. The inflated values that these homes are selling for is described as a "windfall" but let's call it what it is, the older generation robbing the younger generation of wealth and it is all sanctioned by the "free market" or whatever the fuck that means.
Too many corporate housing investors, too many AirB&Bs, too many books and podcasts telling investors how to get rich in real estate, too many real estate investors over-leveraged or outright greedy, too many wealthy people owning several personal homes, too many houses allowed to rot into uselessness for the depreciation tax break. Fight these causes before building more housing.
People investing is an effect of the housing shortage, not the cause. Investors want to get on the lucrative setup landowners have created by abusing zoning laws.