It seems the people in charge did not think another big earthquake would come soon and make people ask questions about where the money collected went.
There's no if, his cronies already admitted that the earthquake tax that was created for future disaster relief were used when "needed". And has long since disappeared and its fate is unknown, there's a reason why whenever shit hits the fan they disappear and blame everyone but themselves and force citizens to help other citizens while sharing bank info for funding and locations for clothing donations.
There's also ÖİV, "Special Communications Tax" which was originally the "earthquake tax" that was supposed to disappear at 2002, but still exist and is a blanket tax for anything cellular or wireless communication at 10%.
"Minister of Treasury Şimşek said that the collected tax was used for health system, education, "median separated roads"(or highways if you will) and railroads. After-all it is asset of/for 74 million citizens. On top of "earthquake tax" there's ÖTV\1 etc that was made permanent. You say "you collected 44 billion liras in tax, where has it gone?". We spend 44 billion liras in a year alone for our citizens health. It goes towards highways, railroads, airlines, farmers and education".
"Maliye Bakanı Şimşek, toplanan vergilerin sağlık, eğitim, duble yollar, demiryolları için kullanıldığını söyledi. - Sonuçta bunlar 74 milyonun servetidir. Deprem vergisi adı altındaki vergiden çok sürekli hale gelmiş ÖTV vs var. Bu vergiler bizim sağlığımıza gidiyor. Diyorsunuz ki bu çerçevede 44 milyar liralık vergi topladınız, nereye gitti. Sadece bir yıllık vatandaşın sağlığı için yaptığımız harcama 44 milyar lira. Bu, duble yollara gidiyor, demiryollarına, havayollarına, çiftçimize, eğitime gidiyor."----.
\1:ÖTV(Private consumption Tax) is blanket tax for anything considered luxury, made permanent and constantly increased over the years, basically taxing % on EVERYTHING considered a luxury like cars, cable tv, electric shavers, shaving creams, hair sprays, yes it's not a joke, even when it is not luxury but necessity of life like fuel oil, hydraulic fluid, sometimes nearly at 100% price increase on everything listed.