My older sis and I were on a hunt. We left camp and went up a steep hill to look at the valley below. We sat in the side hill, about 10-15 feet between us. I was 12, she was a year older. As we scanned the woods below us, I looked over at her and was literally looking down the barrel of her 30.06. I scooted back (up) the hill and told her I didn’t like staring down the barrel. A minute later, or sooner, the gun went off. It left a purple bruise on the inside of my sister’s thigh, where the butt of the gun had been resting. Had I not scooted back, she’d have blown my head off. She became hysterical when she realized how close she came to killing me. She had been unconsciously playing with the trigger, and actually pulled it without meaning to. Kids should have a little more training than a Hunters Safety Course gives. Maybe a video of gun accidents should be shown. It could save lives, since Missouri is going to have kids with guns roaming around. I’m a Democrat and the only thing I want out of the gun legislation is NO ASSAULT WEAPONS!
- There are so many guns in the country that you would need anti gun sentiment near 100% to accomplish the above goal. If you think this can be accomplished, you only need to look at our covid efforts. We had half measures at best, with multiple administrations figuring we can buy our way out of it by giving corporations money and upping unemployment wages, but we put almost zero rules in place to stop the spread - possibly the masks at airports thing was the only real federal rule. And yet, even with those minimal covid restrictions, the country for the most part ignored restrictions or actively rebelled against them.
i'm not a gun person at all- never owned one, never shot one, etc. but the 2A clearly does not limit your right to bear arms to small firearms or semiautomatic or anything of the sort. anyone who thinks that heavy artillery should be regulated/illegal and AR15s shouldn't doesn't really care about the constitution or our rights.
honestly, it's more easily argued that the constitution technically protects your rights to have any weapon than it is to argue that the constitution allows for any weapons to be banned.
It is reasonable for it to be interpreted as "The right to keep and bear arms as part of a well regulated militia, which is necessary for a free state, shall not be infringed.".
That is my point. Op said they aren't protected right for kid which on a purely factual basis isn't the case at this time. This law could over turn the laws we do have in place.