The previous referendums have shown that 53% of Puerto Rican’s want statehood out of half of registered voters. It’s not as clear cut as many people think.
It’s not really as clear cut as people want to make it out to seem. This bill also has to get through the Senate, which is not guaranteed.
Now you want to lump together statehood and status quo. My original comment was about statehood alone. The results are not as clear cut as you’re making them out to be. You don’t address free association either, which is one of the options here. It’s a complicated situation and it’s not just statehood, status quo, or independence.
So not having statehood actually does have benefits, and not all the people in the territories want it.
It's important to note that since they are territories, the constitution doesn't fully apply, so it allows them unique benefits. For example while some may see American Samoans status as US Nationals as a bad thing, this allows them to have special immigration policy (you can't simply move there if you are American) land ownership is racially restricted.
It is, the nature of territorial status means that the constitution doesn't fully apply, which is what allows the ethnic based laws to operate.
Basically a territory can't just declare itself a state. Congress needs to approve the entry of any new state. So any referendum undertaken by Puerto Rico without a vote in Congress legitimizing it is non-binding. Similarly Congress can't force statehood on a territory they can authorize a binding referendum but can't make Puerto Rico hold one against their will.
Since Congress decides statehood, technically they could do whatever they want to decide statehood, even without the approval of the territory or by using a discriminatory referendum.
>The House of Representatives on Thursday approved legislation that would require  to conduct a binding referendum on whether residents wish to become the 51st American state, an independent country, or remain sovereign but associated with the United States.