From a military perspective the invasions were resounding, fast successes. Even in Iraq, which had an organized military, Baghdad fell in less than a month. The "nation building" part was the debacle that went on for years. Ukraine on the other hand is still fighting Russia on relatively equal terms almost a year in with no indication that that is going to change anytime soon.
This is great for everyone short term because we want ukraine to win the war swiftly but in the long term thebworld will have to deal with a Russian humanitarian crisis.
I still think Putin wanted all of Ukraine, Moldova as the cherry on top, and Russia simply couldn't mobilize enough force to reach Kyiv on the border faster because it seems Russian logistics was rustier than expected. That said, intelligent commentary about logistics is well above a layman like me.
I think Putin never seriously planned for the contingency that he wouldn't steamroll Ukraine in a few days. And potentially unpopular opinion, I think Putin was really close to winning.
To be fair, dictatorships have changed somewhat. Instead of your early 20th century chest of medals, inform on neighbors, and kill the opposition blunt clubs, modern dictators have controlled opposition and political processes that mimic democracy and subtle walled-garden media ecosystems that try to keep their people occupied with manufactured controversies and pervasive and repetitive messaging using paid volunteers, bots, and algorithmic manipulation. The modern dictator, instead of gulaging pro-democracy activists or bloggers spreading sunshine on corrupt dealings, sends friendly people to visit dissident's homes to ask them to stop spreading rumors and make them feel watched, has flexible laws and pocket judges so there is always a crime if needed, and uses organic looking rumor mills and patriotic volunteers who fill every conversation about Dissident X with "he shouldn't have been breaking the law. He doesn't seem so good. How can he afford to take so much time off of work? Sounds like he reads too much foreign propaganda. Is he paid by CIA?".
True. I've heard Putin hides most of his money with a network of oligarchs. He can easily siphon off government funds for his own use by handing out government contracts to loyal cronies. Which is how the guy responsible for catering at Kremlin events somehow ended up with enough money to form his own private army.