That’s kinda what I said. The GOP still has a (slight) majority, so think it would behoove the Dems to back someone who won’t rock the cart .. disheartening the Trump crowd.
I think it means ONLY 5 GOP votes are needed with the cooperation of the Dem's to elect the leader. That puts a lot of power in some GOP moderates if they want. In the article, a Dem has mentioned he'd never do that, so that means +1 GOP vote needed. I think it's easier to convince Dem's to (1) vote for a moderate GOP over (2) let Kevin agree to a bunch of concessions that are bad for everyone.
Now, if it's a necessary part of the deal (eg, some moderate GOP Reps don't want to vote for the same Speaker as, say, AOC), that's a different story. If that's the case, then, by all means, do what needs to be done. But barring something like that, I think it's a stronger move to have a unified Democratic Party in a coalition with however many reasonable Republicans can be corralled. The larger the majority electing the Speaker, the better. You get unity among Democrats, bipartisanship, "Republicans in disarray," and can say both the progressives and GOP moderates put country above party. And it makes it unique in the GOP that they're uncompromising and would rather lose power and be in the minority than give an inch, which, hopefully, will give their voters pause and encourage them to nominate more moderate candidates next cycle.
Instead, if the Dem's see this and Hakeem Jeffries whip's so, he could instruct the party to vote collectively for some moderate GOP candidate and they only need to have a small collection of GOP to join them as I understand it.
There’s a decent shot that MAGA republicans dig in too deep, and feel they have to back whoever they decide to back instead of McCarthy, then then GOP comes to the democrats and brokers a deal for someone even more moderate than McCarthy.
If McEachin were still alive, or had already been replaced, then it would only take five GOP Representatives to vote with the Democrats (whether or not one of those five were the candidate).
If the Speaker requires a coalition of Republicans and Democrats to be elected, they need to maintain the support of the entire coalition in order to remain Speaker. Crossing anyone in the coalition could result in withdrawn support, and a new Speaker election.