Crazy thing is there is big big money to be made by most of those entities (maybe minus prisons and police, but those should not be money making ventures anyways). All it takes is a little investment and re-tooling and there’s huge potential profits to be made by getting in early. Nobody is going to stop drinking if weed is legal let’s be real, plus weed beer is a thing.
Regulating the THC content of marijuana products sounds like a great idea but people are dumb and it won’t help much. I had a few calls because patients ate the whole damn bag of edibles when the bag clearly states the dosage and that you’re supposed to eat one pot candy. There’s nothing quite like having to take someone to the emergency room because they’re having a freak out and think they’re dying when they’re fine physically they’re just gonna have a really rough 24 hours mentally.
Some people say they can drive high no problem but living in Vermont I can tell you it’s not a good idea. It’s easy to tell he was drunk and he was high, the drunks are all over the road and the stoners are doing 40 in a 55.
Stupid people will tell you that legalizing marijuana is dangerous and will lead to more crime. I can tell you from first hand experience that people who smoke pot don’t tend to get in random fist fights like drunks. I don’t ever recall responding to a beating, stabbing or shooting because someone smoked weed or ate an edible, I saw more than a few when people were drunk or used hard drugs. Don’t smoke pot and drive, don’t smoke pot around your kids but otherwise it’s one of the most harmless mind altering substances and it’s a hell of a lot less worse than alcohol.
I agree with the logic of your idea and regulation may help solve for some overdoses. Sadly I can’t fix stupid. Although it was hilarious when your patient is convinced they’re dying when their blood pressure is 118/80, 65 bpm and 14 respirations. Like dude your vitals are better than mine you’re just high as fuck.
You hit the nail on the head with weed these days, shit is crazy strong. I work security these days and consistently have to deal with people that are so high that they get lost in a building with clear signage every 50 feet telling you where are you are and where to go. I’m guessing a lot of them are combining marijuana with benzos not understanding that’s a really bad combination if you need to be in public. My recent favorite was a college kid who decided to light up a joint because recreational weed is now legal here. You still can’t smoke in a goddamn building.