It’s all part of the same transit system including the subway, and people jump the fare gates and sneak onto the buses already. The transit police don’t enforce the fares.
It's part of a larger regional system that gets payments from MD and VA. Presumably the buses in VA and MD will still charge, and the subway system is hella expensive for people riding in from the ends of the lines. (Over $10 round trip daily for me.).
So much this. It's understandable if service slows with the demand drop, but it is simply unacceptable to have 4-8 hour periods where no public transit is available.
it has the same problems of getting slowed down by traffic but it's even slower because of the stops, so it's not an appealing option. for example imagine that street with a single traffic lane, rail line down the middle and hard protected bike lanes on either side. When traffic gets worse they can add more rail car traffic or people can choose to ride their bike. Traffic still slows down but the flow of people overall is much more resilient.
Rail stops also encourage development around the stops. It's an infill strategy. choosing where a rail like goes in is in effect choosing where development happens, so you can drive density to specific neighbors. Auto infrastructure just spreads people out further, and creates dead unpleasant parts of the city where you have big feeder streets.
that's actually kind of the point though, you lived next to a light rail so there was stuff nearby. you can also displace traffic with it. people never willingly do that because people are the worst but it's a lot easier for city planners to make the case of not investing in auto infrastructure when there's a real second option. It actually makes sense to put them in before it's entirely necessary or useful because getting the right of ways worked out is the hardest part. you can add capacity on a light rail way easier and cheaper than you can on a surface road, a bus route is flexible but it has more of a real limit in terms of bus drivers and passengers and traffic impacts.
When this was proposed during the election last year, one of the local think tanks commissioned a study that found eliminating bus fares would do little to improve ridership, but that increasing the frequency of buses would. They thus advocated against eliminating fares and instead investing that extra money into more frequent service (this bill somewhat increased funding, but not enough to make the recommended changes). Alas.