No they'd be more likely to start Trump's line up again that Ukraine are the corrupt ones and we'll probably start sending aid to Putin.
The weak has been affording Putin red lines since before the start of this war. NATO, EU, Guns, bullets, artillery, SAM, tanks, and now planes.
Also frankly Russians knows long since that he is loosing this special military operation. That was made abundantly clear when he broke his own words, and started illegal mass recruitment.
People act as it the Russian people will suddenly decide that they have had enough and storm Putin's palace, which is just a silly pipedream. Putin isn't Gaddafi he has Russia locked down so tight, that people don't even know where his palaces are.
This isn't from Putin. It's not a direct red line warning or feigned warning of any kind. It's a US senior official saying he doesn't think Ukraine taking Crimea is in the cards right now for a variety of reasons. He also points out it's not up to the US, it's up to Ukraine, provided they have the means.
He does mention Putin by stating he feels Putin sees Crimea differently than other occupied regions of Ukraine, and goes so far as to say Putin may see it as Russian, which could influence his response if he were to lose Crimea.
But the main difference between losing Crimea and all these things you mentioned is that Putins propaganda couldn't hide or twist losing Crimea at all. Everyone in Russia will know that 2 million Russians are desperately trying to flee Crimea back to Russia, with ferries overloaded, people swimming the Strait. The Russian ethnofascists will be screaming for blood. It's already hard enough for Putin to keep them satisfied.
That is why Putin can't afford to lose Crimea. Gaining Crimea brought his historically low popularity ratings back up to the 60% range. Losing it will send it right back down again. Patrushev would have no trouble 'helping Putin retire" while placing some controllable technocrat in charge (probably Mishustin). Patrushev is arguably more evil than Putin and close friends with him, but he's also not stupid, and there may come a time when he sees that his own survival is only viable with Putin out of the picture.
Putin very well could do nothing in impotent rage as is the case with the commie proverb, but there are other possibilities as well that have wider implications for the war and world at large.