Trying to find an excuse to ease the extremely unpopular and strict Covid measures in China without admitting the CCP was ever in the wrong. As in “well these measures were necessary for the original Covid but it’s mutated so now these measures aren’t needed for this new one”.
On top of this, they've (the Chinese state media) recently changed their whole covid angle and now say that long covid isn't scientifically substantiated and that covid isn't that bad in general. Which goes against their whole stance over the past 3 years, but it is a good distraction instead of people realising that zero covered was an illogical, political power play. (Specifically xi jinping's zero covid-19 idea failed).
Zero COVID was never a viable strategy. You can't eradicate COVID just like you can't eradicate the common cold, so I won't criticize China for attempting to reopen, but what led to the reopening is ludicrous. China had the chance to be in sync with the rest of the world by importing better vaccines and reopening in a more gradual and smooth manner, but it sabotaged itself with propaganda and its own hubris. China put so much effort into politicizing the pandemic and giving itself the credit for being the best country in handling the pandemic, but now, it is forced to follow the global trend anyways, only to be several steps behind the rest of the world. Xi Jinping still won't accept western vaccines for China, which will only extend the upcoming surge in the spread of the virus within China.
Now China is probably going to simply play cheap tricks in an attempt to fool the world; for example, renaming the virus like the article mentioned.
The entire theatre revolving China and COVID should put an end to the myth of the Chinese system being efficient and consistent. China went from locking millions down on a whim and exaggerating the virus to hasty reopening and trivializing the virus in a few weeks. China is far from done with the virus, permanent lockdowns obviously won't work, but hasty reopening with no effective vaccine and no fundamental improvements to the medical system is going to lead to an astronomical increase in cases and an increase in fatality and serious illness. COVID has a relatively low death and severe illness rate, but with China's population size and population density in big cities, the numbers won't be pretty.