I agree with this. Any circumstances that would remove someone’s right to vote can be weaponized, even if it’s just while they’re in prison (I know their right to vote is restored upon release).
I understand but if those prisoners can never be rehabiliated why not give them the right to vote back to them. For the inssurectionist they already lost there right to run office as they attempted to overthrow the government, I mean they could also lose there right to vote but the constitution or law does not specify that.
That's how it worked before, black codes formed the era that lead to jim crow. Black Codes oppressed certain groups by 13th amendment flaw that you could be a slave when your in jail and you can't vote for anyone in jail.
Voting rights are lost when you go to prison because it is part of Jim Crow laws that have not be removed. How better to keep black people from voting then to make a law saying you can’t vote if you are in prison, and then send a lot of black people to jail on trumped up charges, for overly long sentences, or for activities that were criminalized because mainly minorities did such things. Look at marijuana and crack cocaine for examples.
Also depends what drug offenses you might be talking about. There’s a big difference between smoking a joint and smuggling fentanyl across the boarder.
Well since we have a system of law and order which also has checks and balances to help prevent abuses and yet they were still found guilty means there just happens to be repercussions. One of which means they just happen to have lost their freedoms and rights. Frankly there is no more invasive punishment than being imprisoned, but as a consequence they lose their right to vote just as they lost their right to own a gun well then I see no problem with that whatsoever.
Changes may need to be made to our justice system but it doesn’t mean murders deserve any of their freedoms.
I already said I believe changes to the justice system need to be made. However I don’t see criminals we imprison deserving of their rights. We just need to work smarter and imprison the right kind of offense not giving people we imprison back their rights as long as they are imprisoned. So you premise in my opinion is completely the wrong way to go about it. You shouldn’t be giving all prisoners their rights in prison, you need to stop putting the wrong people in prison to begin with.