He thought his blitz plan would work and it would be over in days. That at least had a chance of working based on the information he had at the time.
Using nuclear weapons has zero chance of "working". It would start a military conflict Russia absolutely cannot possibly survive, and everyone who has been paying even cursory attention since the invasion of Ukraine should know it.
I personally doubt that Russia can ever win in Ukraine, even if they undertake a WW2-style economic mobilization and receive military equipment from China. Ukraine's suppliers have deeper pockets and better toys than Russia can ever dream of getting.
The Russian government has so far been trying to not upset ethnic Russians in Moscow. They first drafted non-Russians, Russians outside of Moscow, and dissidents first. They've been trying to keep their zombie economy propped up with a veneer of normalcy in Moscow while conducting their "limited mobilization" to fight in their "special military operation.".
Yup. The ruzzians had a lot of potential. Decent sized population, crossroads between Europe and China for rail trade if they had invested, and unfathomable reserves of a host of natural resources. They could have joined the Western World and truly prospered. Instead, they kept up the same shit they always had.
Their demographics was already an issue. Of the few regions in ruzzia with positive growth rates, most are separatists regions full of populations that are not ethnic ruzzian. They want independence, and the failure of the war will likely be the spark that destroys ruzzian control over several regions.
The ruzzians didn't really have a future before all this. Their population was in terminal decline, alcoholism was so rampant the government was trying to find ways to curtail it, the economy was wholely based on a handful of oil oligarchs that are far more corrupt than the oligarchs of the West, and they were running more and more authoritarian laws. And all that before the war, everything is getting worse now. Many young men have fled the country or been killed. The economy is getting further destroyed by sanctions. While I havent seen oficial numbers, I can't imagine hundreds of thousands fleeing, and a hundred thousand dead, is helping the drinking problems. And the laws continue to become more and more draconian as time goes on.