Sounds like it’s a hunting measure. In Missouri you can hunt on most public land and most kids start hunting fairly young (my ex wife shot her first deer at 7 or 8). It seems reasonable to affirm that minors can hunt on public land with a parent’s supervision.
The amendment would have required minors to be supervised if they were to carry firearms in public spaces.
And it's even worse than the headline suggests. They voted down an amendment that would require minors to only carry firearms in public spaces under adult supervision without a permit, safety training, or criminal-background check, a problem created by 2017 legislation that was vetoed by the governor and then forced through by a supermajority in the legislature.
In a turn of events that absolutely defies logic, the Republican-controlled Missouri House of Representatives voted on Wednesday to reject an amendment that would have banned minors from being allowed to openly carry guns on public land without adult supervision. Which, thanks to a 2017 law, they are currently free to do. (That law, which was vetoed by then governor Jay Nixon and overridden by the Missouri House, also allows Missouri residents to carry a concealed weapon without a permit, safety training, or criminal-background check. As S. Charles Wall, spokesman for the St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department, told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, “under current state law, there is no minimum age to lawfully possess a firearm.”) To be clear: The proposal rejected this week was not seeking to ban minors from openly carrying weapons on public land, period, but simply from doing so without an adult supervising them. But apparently even that was too much for the state’s conservatives, who quite literally believe it’s fine for actual kids to walk down the street carrying guns. The proposal was defeated by 104-39, with just a single Republican voting in favor of the ban.
Of course, all of this is happening less than a month after news of a Virginia six-year-old shooting their teacher and a viral surveillance video from Indiana that captured a diaper-wearing toddler carrying a handgun and firing it.
Of course, all of this is happening less than a month after news of a Virginia six-year-old shooting their teacher and a viral surveillance video from Indiana that captured a diaper-wearing toddler carrying a handgun and firing it.