Nevadan here. While I voted for sisolak there is a lot of hate for him on various measures. Shutting down Vegas for COVID was big for sure. It’s pretty much our entire industry. Our schools are ranked 49th in the country. Gas prices are higher than national average. Housing boom exploded driving up house costs and Californians coming over and paying inflated pricing so others have hard times getting a home. We have protected abortions so we don’t need a democrat governor to fight for those rights. But Congress can take those rights away so we need a democrat in the senate to represent.
One possible thing about just the house going slim GOP is that there's a couple congressmen that'll vote w/Dem for reasonable bills introduced by Dems... But anything that's introduced by the GOP will not pull anyone from Dem over, it'll all be too far right.
Yeah - when the senate is 50/50, it's actually 51/50 in favor of the VP's party, which is what we have right now. If the election results in 51/49, it will basically be the same situation, but instead of getting the two flaky dems on board, they'd need just one to get a 50/50 result which, as before, the VP could tiebreak.
So in order for Dems to secure the majority and prevent that, they bare minimum need to win 4 out of those 10 GOP-led races, which I believe to be decently feasible since we know that Mail-in ballots are heavily Dem. Here are the 4 districts that I am rather confident that Dems can overtake and win:
If Dems take these seats, the majority is secured. We know the remaining votes that need to be reported all favor Dems. Additionally, that’s not including other districts that are relatively close as well. Stay strong y’all, let’s hope for the best!
EDIT: I commented this below, but putting this here to show why I have hope, and maybe alleviate the apprehensiveness, or for worse, pessimism about the House elections that some may have!
Of the remaining district races left, the GOP is currently leading 10 of those races. The GOP will need 7 of those 10 in order to reach the majority.