Trump did worse than nothing: he personally sabotaged efforts to promote public safety and got hundreds of thousands of Americans killed by COVID because they bought into all of the hoax/anti-mask (and anti other safety measures) political bullshit.
Thats a funny way to say the Trump administration mismanaged and lied about the pandemic that led to hundreds of thousands who died needlessy because of lies Trump spread and the GOP that fell in line.
Commandeering the CDC, sidelining scientists and experts in the field like Fauci, as well as appointing his stupid son-in-law as the COVID czar are just a few examples of how Trump criminally mismanaged the pandemic. In fact, he spent his entire time in office after the outbreak in abject denial that COVID was a serious threat. And even after a million+ deaths and millions more left with the debilitating effects of long COVID, the MAGA faithful continue to deny the hellscape we HCWs endured as “not that bad”.
Significantly, most of the deaths of Republicans from COVID was after the vaccines were widely available. NY was ravaged in the early days, with a lack of PPE and not enough HCWs to handle the surge.
I work in a hospital ER. We’re still masking. Besides COVID, there are other viruses spread by respiratory route heavily circulating right now, namely RSV and Flu A. I wore a mask every flu season for years before COVID because I work in a relatively small area full of infectious patients who regularly cough in my face. I haven’t had a respiratory infection other than a head cold for decades. I now also wear a mask when in a crowd or on an airplane because there are too many stupid and/or inconsiderate people who will not stay home when they’re sick and cover their mouths when they’re coughing.
As others have pointed out here, science is not static and new infectious diseases are inevitable. I began my career prior to AIDS and we regularly drew blood and started IVs without gloves. Dentists put their bare hands in our mouth to work on our teeth. AIDS was a culture change for glove wearing by HCWs. Similarly—thanks to the pandemic, mask wearing will become routine for HCWs and others.