So much this. As soon as they found classified documents in his desk Trump should have been in solitary awaiting trial and all his properties should have been searched.
The search team was hired so Trumps lawyers could tell a judge a search had been done and there were no more classified documents at any Trump properties.
"... after lawyers for former President Donald Trump arranged for a firm to search for additional classified material ... ".
Can anyone explain that to me, because why would his own team be searching for further evidence of his illegal appropriation of classified docs?
Because if we can't rely on our institutions and checks and balances and believe this is a country of laws and justice for everyone .... ? It's all just a bad joke on all of us peons who weren't born wealthy and privileged. Fuck them.
The fuck are you talking about? How does “slow and steady” stop him from running to Russia? It’s giving him MORE TIME to run to Russia. He’s had years now. He should have been arrested on the fucking spot after Jan 6th. He should have been arrested the second he stopped being President on Jan 20th 2021. He should have been arrested the second they found classified documents at his fucking house. He should have been arrested for perjury for lying about the documents. He should be arrested on the fucking spot NOW for proving to have lied AGAIN and being in possession of classified documents AGAIN….
Seriously, even if he’s literally being arrested as I type this, it would still be too late to be considered justice. That boat has sailed. Anything “justice” that happens now is a sad attempt to undo a bad joke. This just simply isn’t funny or okay anymore. They’re literally just bold-faced standing in front of us and acting like it makes any shred of realistic sense that Trump is still a free man. While countless people get the book thrown at them for infinitely less. This is gaslighting. This is systemic abuse of the population. This is miscarriage of justice. It’s corruption.