The person above is not right, support for gay marriage reached a majority in 2012, and at the time that dems briefly held enough seats to get legislature through was in 2009, right after California, one of the most liberal states voted to ban it (you can argue that it was close and there was tons of fear mongering from out-of-state interest groups). Democrats had months were they could pass legislature and it was not a universally popular position and they were trying to pass healthcare legislature at the same time. I'm gay, I think being against gay marriage is an wholly immoral position, but there was not much dems could do.
It is plainly unconstitutional to tell straights they can get married and at the same time tell gay people they cannot.
Citation needed. People have been getting married without the church being involved for pretty much forever. And that's not even getting into the question of "which church?".
Huh. It's almost like we need something in our constitution that makes it so we can't discriminate on the basis of sex, sexual orientation, or gender identity.
Marriage isn’t anywhere in the federal constitution, except in that by its absence the legality and regulation of marriage(s) can be inferred to be a power devolved to the states via the 10th Amendment.
Also the hope that codifying Equal Marriage dispels any threat against it abjectly fails to recognize that the law, once codified, can be struck down by the Court if it’s deemed to not be a Power granted the Legislature in the first place.
The real criticism you can levy against dems is that they are passing a half-measure bill, if Obergefell gets overturned this bill will still allow states to ban same sex marriage, what it stops is the federal government from not recognizing gay marriage (essentially repealing DOMA) and says that if a state performs gay marriage others states have to recognize those as marriages. I understand that was needed to get it passed but I think more could have been done.