Lukashenko is soo scared that he would do anything.... anything at all.... to keep from being overrun by his own people, let alone russia. He is a useful idiot.
He is not useful idiot in the meaning of the saying tho. Luka knows what he is doing, and what kind of situation he is in. Putin and Luka aren't really friends, they just need each other. Any other leader in Belarus would cause problems for Putin, and Lukashenka needs Putin to stay on power.
Lukashenko would be out of power right now and either dead or imprisoned by his own people if not for Putin's shadow looming over him. If Putin were to die and Russia were to give up their insane plans of recreating the Soviet Union and Tsarist Russia than he would be screwed.
But my country were under russian rule, when we had puppet presidents before the revolution. And, you know, it was nothing like NK. Actually, i can name a big list of reasons why my life turned from "existing somehow" to "barely able to survive only with help" since the revolution, when people chased away russian puppet president, and won't be able to name at least a single positive change. Not even one. But you don't really want to hear it, right? Since all you want to believe that in case of surrendering entire population would be sent to mines or executed if they refuse. But in reality life for average citizen aren't changed much, and life for the poor turned into living nightmare under the new regime, because they don't care about disabled and elderly, even a slightest.
No doubt about that, but that desision also had a side effect of saving thousands of people that would died in case of war. Also, don't you find hyppocritical in bashing weak state without any kind of power for not going into direct conflict against nuclear power, when literally every country in the world are scared to do the same? If any country at all allied with Ukraine in united front, this war would be won long time ago. But they are all scared for their lives.
But the difference is that thousands of lives were not lost before that happened. I know that some people (well, actually, most people) have human lives at the very bottom of their values, but some also might see a deal with the devil as better option that letting the people you govern get slaughtered.
Aren't we all enslaved? Does it really matter if oligarch A will profit from us, or oligarch B? Common folk will hardly notice a change, unlike the situation when their loved ones die, their stuff destroyed, and they live without basic things like water and light.