As for the education system training pupils to be good critical thinkers and voters, as well as for the high quality news industry, I think those are a consequence of how shared and fragmented political and economic powers are.
I totally see your point. But, that being said, that option was a possibility. Just like gambling your family house puts you at risk of losing it, even though your strongly believe you would never lose on a poker game. But it can still happen, and you still need to take all preventive measures to make sure you get the outcome you want. In the Case of David C., there are so many things he could have done. For example, start with a very low risk, low stake, informative referendum (e.g. should the UK government start negotiations with EU and other countries in the world, to prepare a post-brexit era?). If the Brits vote yes, it still isn't a brexit, just preparations and negotiations that could take years or even decades to finally end up with a package of treaties and deals ready to be signed and ratified by London. Then again, David C. could have asked a second referendum, e.g. how do you like those new deals, and EU conditions? If yes, then, and only then he gets to start the Brexit process.
So that brings the question, Why Brexit happened and who is responsible? Well in short, misguided, misinformed British majority. And why? Well, right wing parties exploited and manipulated frustrations of the British general public to point the finger where they want the finger pointed to be.
Didn't argue otherwise, I'm very well aware of why they're shamelessly pandering to English nationalist, Leave-voting Brexiteers. Doesn't change the fact they're still pandering to them and pushing a pro-Brexit position, whether or not they believe in it.
The soft Brexiteer (and there are plenty of them) won't admit to being 'stupid', but they will admit that they were lied to and deceived, and once they make that jump they'll take their revenge.
In other words, blatant pandering to Brexiteers who've indicated they won't come back to Labour if their Brexit dream is remotely disagreed with.
Let’s be honest, then Tory leader David Cameron campaigned against Brexit, so did Labour. Factions in Tory party and UKIP did the Brexit lobbying and the campaign.
Labour is desparately trying to win back sellout Leave voters in England that abandoned them for the "Get Brexit Done" Tories. They've utterly capitulated on any remaining opposition to Brexit with the "Make Brexit Work" slogan, i.e. implying that it can be made to work and wasn't a fundamentally bad idea.