Addendum to 1: He began making these claims MONTHS before the election. Using rhetoric along the lines of “the only way we lose this election is if the dems cheat” and refusing to say that he would concede if he lost. You could arguably even go back to 2016 when Roger Stone and Trump first came up with “Stop the Steal” slogan while claiming Dems were cheating.
Trump actually started with his bullshit election fraud crap as soon as he knew he would be running against Joe Biden, who he knew would (and did) beat him "like a drum.".
OH there it is! I KNEW that was coming. Everytime people like you compare BLM and Jan 6th, you just lose all credibility.
Jan 6th was completely different. Trump was the leader of it all. His minions were trying to overthrow the government. Because they just can't accept losing. Trump employed his own children into government positions, and they did some pretty shady deals with leaders from other countries as well. And let's not forget Trumps relationship with Putin and how be admires Kim Jung Un.
No amount of anything the right tries to use to make Biden look bad, will ever be enough to overcome everything Trump has done. That stain will never come out and the GOP looks so weak and pathetic every time they try and shame Biden for anything.
Almost all politicians are dirty and if we’re this angry at dumb ass Trump we also have to have the same anger towards Biden. He’s a loser president who used his position to enrich his family and its not even debatable. Time we hold the government accountable. Don’t forget they work for you.
He used his VP position under Obama to introduce his son and brother to Communist China where they made millions of dollars as well as making millions in Ukraine and receiving large sums from wife of mayor of Moscow. Its all public common knowledge now.
nothing happened on January 6 that did not happen all summer long in the different riots across the country. Actually, it was not as deadly as many of the riots last summer. There was no insurrection just a bunch of stupid rednecks who were dumb enough to fall for the tricks, and walk through the doors once they were, open by other idiots not one weapon was used the entire time. Name and ins direction or coup that was ever attempted in history without weapons.