China has its own insurers but it's likely they'll also demand a discount. Why buy at a price above the cap?
There is no price cap. India is already getting things at a discounted rate in exchange of not joining other countries that are trying to enforce a price cap.
India is NOT paying above the "price cap". India is paying at a price which is decided between India and Russia (which is already heavily discounted). The deal is that India must not join other nations on enforcing a price cap. Till India keeps their nose out of it India will keep getting oil at discounted rates. If India were to join other countries in enforcing a price cap its relationship with Russia will go sour for almost no benefit.
So Europe can keep buying gas from Russia but India can’t buy oil from Russia even though India doesn’t have any skin in the conflict? That’s some serious double standards. If Europe can’t bring itself to halting imports of Russian energy, what makes anybody think India should?
Ok, and India is a developing country that desperately needs to develop its’ economy in order to provide citizens basic necessities which are taken for granted in Europe such as toilets, electricity, and nutritious food, so the cost of them giving up an economic opportunity is much greater than for the extremely rich EU (in comparison). I’m sure there’s many more arguments to justify or criticize the EU’s disapproval of India purchasing Russian oil while it continues to buy Russian gas. No two countries (or intergovernmental organizations) will ever be in perfectly comparable circumstances but in the grand scheme of things this just screams “rules for thee and not for me”.
All the more a reason to stop buying Saudi oil then. Russian oil being the vast majority of India’s imports means they’re dependent on it so they have no real option to boycott it. If Saudi oil is not a significant import for the U.S., that means it should actually be easier for the US to boycott Saudi oil than it is for India to boycott Russian oil and therefore that continuing to purchase Saudi oil is less justifiable….
India will same amount of oil from Russia if it has availability of same account of oil from different places like saudi and Iraq.