Allegedly it has been found that some priest of the Russian orthodox church in ukraine were working directly for the FSB. They helped gather information prior to the invasion, separating people into groups depending on likelyhood of collaboration. This information was used to make lists of unwanted individuals, slated for execution when the russians had taken over (which was supposed to happen 3 days after the invasion started.).
This. And LGBTQ+ community has been assisting the government and conducting trainings for the police way before the war started. I'm Ukrainian and I remember maybe 10 years ago or so when Russia already prohibited any positive mention of gays in the media, Ukrainian Biggest Loser (the weight losing show) had a lesbian family participating in the family edition of the show on one of the major TV channels. I mean, the situation is far from perfect for sure and Pride in Kyiv has to have to a huge police plan, including closing off some parts of downtown and having police stand there protecting the march from idiots, but it's government helping the LGBTQ+ community to be safe. Again, not perfect at all that there still are idiots (mostly Russian Orthodox christians) who come to protest, but the government had been making steps forward before the war and hopefully will continue to do so to make sure our laws are aligned with EU and our people are educated.
I think Zelenskyy and Ukrainians in general understand that much of the world is headed towards a showdown between those who believe in liberal democracy and those who believe in religious fascism. A lot of conflicts have recently arisen where this ideological divide is a major factor. There’s the culture war in the US, protests for women’s rights in Iran, the trend towards authoritarianism in Eastern Europe, and yes, the Ukraine-Russia war. There are other regional issues at play in these conflicts, but it’s hard to deny that there is a common thread of liberalism vs. fascism in all of them.
In the US, cynical conservatives love to point out that Ukraine was viewed as a corrupt and regressive nation prior to this war. They’re not wrong, but nations can change, and I agree with you that there is a genuine cultural shift in Ukraine.
For them it it is a civilizational choice, they do not want to live like Russians anymore. This year in Warsaw there was combined and equal Warsaw & Kyiv Pride Marching For Peace as they couldn't make it in Kyiv. Tens, maybe hundred of thousands of people.