If he stops selling Russian energy money is wrecked forever. The Oil fields in Siberia will freeze over and that oil will be gone for the foreseeable future.
Basically, the price of oil is the only thing keeping Russia from going completely broke. If the price of oil rises (line go up) then Russia can keep fighting it's war in Ukraine. If the price of oil is capped (line go up but no-one pay for it) then no matter how much Putin sells, no matter how much he tries to make the price of oil increase, the only thing Putin can do is sell the oil for less than he needs to keep from going broke, so he can't invade Ukraine for much longer.
It doesn't matter if Russia can sell it, what matters is how bad do you need it, and with oil, countries need it pretty fucking bad so the how much are you willing to pay comes second after the "Our country has rolling blackouts and our economy crashing because oil now is 200 dollars per barrel".
For the last fucking time Russia is not forced to sell it's oil to Europe, Europe is forced to buy the oil from somewhere else. That oil Europe is buying has a higher price than Russian oil. Europe cannot afford a 100 plus US dollars price per barrel. Russia will sell to India and China at 80 dollars because the world price of Oil will rice to 100+ and instead of buying that, they will buy the Russia discounted one.
yeah he will want to sell to others, but china and india both have extracted a large discount from russia and this price cap will give them even more leverage going forward. remember, both would absolutely love to pay less for oil, and can make a nice excuse about 'well we WANT to give you more money vladmir, but see we have to buy our own insurance now and our own tankers, so you know... higher costs means lower prices.'.
putin can't stop selling. oil wells are very unlike most other things in that you really can't just stop extraction - if you do, it's incredibly costly to get things running up again. and oil is expensive to store around. so russia has to sell at capped prices if that's all they can get, cuz making a lil profit is far better than losing a ton of money.
the main point of the price caps is to ensure russia gets less money for oil regardless of where they end up selling to. at a break-even price of around 40 bucks a barrel, even a discount of 10 dollars (going from say 80 to 70) means a 25% reduction in gov't money that can be used to buy more armaments and support more conscripts.