They are trying to draw a false equivalence between Joe Biden and Donald Trump. Who literally lives in a hotel that does keep track of exactly who visits because they are paying money to do so.
Yeah, but the fact that the White House had to make this statement is because republicans are dishonestly asking for something they know does not exist.
Did the presence of The Secret service stop Donald Trump from repeatedly falsely claiming not to have documents?
Donald trump stole classified documents, then lied, refused to give them back, lied again, and got raided by the FBI. Biden turned over documents willingly, found more, turned those over, also willingly, and has been very cooperative with the investigation, and he did all that without doxxing a single federal employee, without a single tweet ranting about how the FBI is a bunch of meanies and should be dismantled.
Listen, if the investigation reveals that Biden personally misplaced the documents out of absent-mindedness or recklessness, I'll concede you a point.
We'll have to wait until the investigation is complete to determine whether the documents were misplaced due to stupidity on Biden's part. Typically Presidents and VPs do not do their own document preparation and disposal, they trust that their staff is trained to follow proper protocols. It's highly unlikely that Biden's intelligence factors into the document mishandling in any way.
Claiming that Biden is unaware of classified documents at his home is either extremely naive or extremely concerning. If Biden is, in fact, unaware that he has classified documents at his home as that user is claiming, yes, indeed that is factually a terrifying prospect and worse than what Donald Trump is accused of doing. Donald Trump is accused of being cavalier with classified documents of which he was aware. Being unaware you are in possession of classified documents is much more worrisome because it invites the possibility you don’t know where some of those records may be, or in whose possession. This is not debatable and to suggest the possibility is ridiculous as you are is asinine.