The Cherokee nation sits within the state of Oklahoma and, while sovereign in certain affairs, is covered by Oklahoma's house districts. Cherokee citizens are also US citizens with all the rights of US citizenship. This means that Cherokee citizens living in the Cherokee nation have the right to vote for both their congressional house representative and to vote in Oklahoma senate elections. They also may vote for Oklahoma's governor, an Oklahoma state house representative, and an Oklahoma state senator. There are no , outside of a state. This means all American Indians are citizens of US, whichever state they reside in, and their respective tribes. So they do have representation within state and federal government at present. Though there is an argument to be made that the tribal governments themselves need representation.
For real, if they won’t make DC, PR, and other territories states with voting powers than what makes anyone think they will honor giving power to the Native Americans.
I'd be up for giving every sovereign nation within US borders a member with voting rights as well as every US territory that hasn't become a state, yet.
Imagine if the three tribes agreed to have a vote, Congress just passively assumed it was ok under currently written law, but then one tribe backs out and insists that actually they should have the sole right to decide who the delegate is. In that case it could become a big legal uncertainty. Whereas if Congress passes a new law to clarify, there wouldn't be any grey area for that to possibly happen.
But that's not the only group of Cherokees. There's also the "United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee Indians", and the "Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians". There's three different Cherokee tribes.
There may be some confusion with the name Cherokee Nation here. The Treaty of New Echota was made between the US government and "the Cherokee Nation". But that was the united Cherokee Nation which was abolished as an entity by the government around 1900. The modern "Cherokee Nation" is a later institutional creation which does not consist of all Cherokees or even all Cherokee tribal institutions (hence the United Keetoowah Band and the Eastern Band existing as their own separate things). Since New Echota was between the US and the Cherokee in general as a united people, it doesn't necessarily legally make sense to assume that the modern creation of the Cherokee Nation inherits the seat as opposed to the broader Cherokee people in general which would be inclusive of the other two tribes too.
While seating the delegate selected by the Cherokee Nation would grant increased representation, it would not give American Indians representation as a whole because the US government recognizes 574 tribes. The State of Alaska has the most recognized tribes with 231.
The Cherokee nation sits within the state of Oklahoma and, while sovereign in certain affairs, is covered by Oklahoma's house districts. Cherokee citizens are also US citizens with all the rights of US citizenship. This means that Cherokee citizens living in the Cherokee nation have the right to vote for both their congressional house representative and to vote in Oklahoma senate elections. They also may vote for Oklahoma's governor, an Oklahoma state house representative, and an Oklahoma state senator. There are no , outside of a state. This means all American Indians are citizens of US, whichever state they reside in, and their respective tribes. So they do have representation within state and federal government at present. Though there is an argument to be made that the tribal governments themselves need representation.