Yeah, but we're nowhere near out of the woods. The Republican Party has become a fascist, win-at-all-costs criminal organization that will steal elections, lie with impunity, and promote crooks and complete morons in the oligarchy's drive to extract maximum profit without dealing with pesky human, labor, or environmental right. They must be destroyed, not coddled.
Nature (and politics) abhors a vacuum. Something will replace it. But the Democrats need replacement too--with people who really work to better the nation and its citizens rather than giving lip service and pocketing corporate dollars.
That’s what corporate democrats keep threatening to keep progressives holding the line and supporting them without getting anything in return. Maybe the corporate democrats need to bend some more or even look in the mirror so they can see they are supporting a conservative agenda which is anti-workers rights and anti-workers wages. Maybe the democrats need to lose too if they don’t bend to the progressives.
We need a progressive workers party. The progressives should break off and form an independent party but still support the democrats if the republicans reconstitute themselves. Personally I believe the corporate democrats are good enough to incorporate the existing GOP ideas of tax cuts for the rich, globalization and quiet as it’s kept mass immigration to keep down wages. Progressives are the only way to give a voice to middle America and blue collar voters without the racism. Look at what Bernie Sanders did in 2015/2016.
That’s what you think. The same blue collar people that voted for Donald tRump were the same ones backing Bernie Sanders. We got tRump because the Democratic Party ignored the voices of a huge part of the electorate that have been frozen out and maligned by the “elites” in the Democratic Party. Progressives can get those voters if they leave out the social issues and focus on fiscal progressive values that support workers. The moderates can stay in the middle all they want and keep the status quo just like the republicans want them to. The progressives actually have a huge base of potential voters outside of the Democratic Party. Bernie Sanders proved it.