I mean COVID hit it pretty hard, and while Cuba remains a tourist destination for many people, it’s not enough to support the entire economy and fix the systemic rot it’s experienced since the USSR collapsed. For a while they were also able to get oil for absurdly low prices from Venezuela in exchange for medical personnel, espionage tactics and security for Chavez/Maduro, but as Venezuela has faltered a lot of those guarantees have disappeared as well. Cuba’s biggest friends - Russia, Venezuela, etc - have not had a great year.
I’d give a lot of credit towards the street protests for that. Back in the mid-to-late 2010s, there were a ton of riots and anti-government protests and crazy stories about what was going on there, but as Maduro consolidated power it became clear that the protests weren’t working and they fizzled out. Combine that with Guaido running out of steam and the opposition’s attempts to remove Maduro from power fizzling out and it just kinda became stale news. However, yeah, the conditions have not gotten any better on the ground and the plight of the average Venezuelan is not good.
That's all true, and yet Cuba got worse after La Revolucion, and today, people from SA flock to the capitalist USA because they know their lives will be better there.
Especially when you consider the fact that America is richer than Cuba BECAUSE of the atrocities it has committed. Global imperialism and liberal hegemony have done incredibly damage to the world, but they’re very profitable. That alone is an indictment of the American system, imho. American Unipolarity is keeping the global south impoverished.
What country exists that isn’t corrupt? The US committed genocide against its indigenous population, enslaved people of color, placed Japanese Americans into internment camps, currently funds Israeli Genocide in Palestine, is currently bombing Iraq, Syria, Yemen, and Afghanistan, funded the extermination of over one MILLION CIVILIANS in Indonesia alone during their anticommunist efforts in the 60’s, targeted and assassinated civil rights leaders and activists such as Martin Luther King jr, Malcolm X, and Chairman Fred Hampton during the FBI’s CointelPro operations, recruited Nazi leaders after WWII with Operation Paperclip, funded the Mujahideen terrorist organization while working to destabilize the middle east, destabilized multiple countries in South America in conjunction with the Contras, and has held Cuba under embargo for decades. Is Cuba really that much worse than the US? Cuba has a higher literacy rate, more doctors per capita, and far less wealth disparity. They aren’t some cartoonishly evil country, they’re a tiny developing island nation which made massive strides under communism despite opposition from the wealthiest and most powerful country in the world.
Edit: the US introduced Metering for Cuban immigrants in 2017, which essentially ended the old “Wet foot/Dry Foot” Policy, and then further limited Cuban immigration with the Migrant Protection Protocols, and then all but completely ended Cuban immigration with Title 42. While there have been attempts to end Title 42, it is still currently in place. Meanwhile, Cubans are able to leave Cuba however they cannot pass the US Embargo into America via legal means and thus must instead either travel via Mexico or other means. The US is the country blocking direct legal routes, currently.