I have stopped trying to get people to understand that regulation, licensing and training requirements are the key to a safe gun loving country. These things don’t take away any rights, they just insure more responsibility and education. No one on the right wants to listen. As a person who is trained and have a concealed carry permit I find myself carrying more often because I no longer trust my fellow citizens. Gun safety is out the window in the US.
Owning a gun makes you less safe, not more safe. The person most likely to be shot by your gun is yourself. I was robbed at gunpoint once and was very glad I wasn't armed. I would have turned me losing $25 and a budget watch into a gunfight to the death with someone who had the drop on me. That's just stupid.
That would be ideal, but it's also impossible in our current political climate. Taxing guns and ammo is a smaller, incremental step, and it makes logical sense because the thing that causes the harm would also be responsible for mitigating the harm.
I'd like to know how quantity limits at point of sale for ammunition would meaningfully reduce deaths in mass shootings, when in all but the rarest of cases, the number of rounds fired in the attack could be lawfully purchased with those limits in place.
Background check requirements and quantity limits of some arbitrary number of cartridges at point of sale will somehow stop mass shooters.
Apparently, the unending parade of mass shooters who already pass a background check to purchase their firearm would be thwarted if only one more background check was done.
A background check requirement for sale of ammunition may have more effect on a hardened criminal, as you put it, since if a person has a felony record, they cannot pass a bc to purchase ammunition, let alone a firearm.
If, as has been commonly documented in mass shootings, the person planning to commit the attack has already completed a federally required background check (and in some cases, an additional state bc as well) to purchase the firearm, another bc to purchase the ammunition is no obstacle.