That ain't no loophole. That's legal bullshitting for putting an American aircraft carrier in war against Russia. If it's a full strike force, it could dominate, not just Ukraine and the Russian border but pretty much all of Eastern Europe on its own.
So nos the question is what happens when Ukraine start to run out of old soviet missile, the use them both to fire enemy aircraft, large drones, and missiles that try to hit critical tagetes inside Ukraine. There is not enough western system to replace them so you risk Russian superiority where they can use aircraft at higher altitudes and behind the Ukrainian line.
It is not a question of air superiority for Ukraine, it is a question of keeping air parity and avoiding Russian air superiority.
If I were to guess, I'd say Ukraine has pretty good defense coverage in the capitol and populated areas, but not-so-good coverage in outlying areas, which is why they're asking for fighter jets.
Other than taking out active radars, the F-16s are far more likely to be used in air superiority role over Ukrainian skies as standoff munition platforms, while older aircraft take more risk at the front.
In the air, Russia has air airplanes that do air patrol over their territory armed with long-distance air-to-air missiles that make it very hard for Ukrainian airplanes to operate close to the front. Urkaine does not have missiles with the same range so they need ground-based air defense to keep the Russian airforce away.
It gives them the ability to launch missiles with a huge kinetic advantage at Russian planes in that area of the country you mention.
What a few western aircraft provide is the ability to use Western air-to-air missiles. They can now counter the Russian air patrols and to deny Ukrainian airspace to Russian aircraft.
Ukraine's air defense is primarily an old soviet system that they have a limited number of missiles. Western power does not have a lot of ground-based air defense because the strategy has been that the airforce can do most of the job so there is a limited amount of ground-based air defense that can be supplied to Ukraine. That also means there are lost of air-to-air missiles.