I personally believe that contestants of Miss Universe contestants are unable to do so because some people out there in our nation don’t have maps and I believe that our education like such as in Belarus and a the Hungary everywhere like such as and I believe that they should our education over here in the Ukraine should help the Ukraine or should help Belarus or should help the Hungary and the Black Sea countries so we can be able to build up our future.
Miss South Carolina: "I personally believe that US Americans are unable to do so because some people out there in our nation don’t have maps and I believe that our education like such as in South Africa and a the Iraq everywhere like such as and I believe that they should our education over here in the US should help the US or should help South Africa or should help the Iraq and the Asian countries so we can be able to build up our future. ".
True... IF you live in a Western country. It's crazy how you're replying to someone talking about Western bias and you're literally just repeating the same biases back like it's an argument.
Are you aware that you're basically just arguing my point for me? Yes there are many countries, factions, and moving pieces in Africa. Many factors affecting the risk of famine. The war in Ukraine is just one of these factors and not nearly the biggest one. Thank you for agreeing with me.
My ORIGINAL comment was accusing another poster that their definition of "global" was almost definitely only NATO countries and Russian allies if they would have any. The correct argument against that would simply be stating that this indeed is or isn't their definition of global. Not getting into this weird argument that is basically "oMg I bEt YoU dOn'T cAlL WW1/WW2 WoRlD WaRS EiTheR1".
Notice how I never said WW2 wasn't global? Maybe you should have read what I said more carefully before going off on your wild tangent. My whole argument is that "global" is subjective and can be argued until the end of the world. I never said that WW1/WW2 was or wasn't global.
There were plenty of countries that weren't involved in WW1/WW2. You're saying we shouldn't use the word "global" because the war isn't all over the globe, and now you're backtracking.