There was also the fact that imposing huge punishments designed to cripple the German economy after World War I led directly to the outbreak of World War II, and at least a few people in charge decided they didn't want to repeat the pattern again, except with nuclear weapons.
In cases of Japan and Germany post WW2, the west could have penalized them into oblivion and destroyed both countries, taking everything they had, but they decided that for various reasons (a major one being the USSR) they preferred to have allies instead of loot, so they invested massively in both countries turning them into what we have today. This was on top of their reasoning for intervention being defensive and an attempt to deal with a hostile power.
In situations like Iraq or Afghanistan, the reasoning was offensive and far more about natural resources and looting than anything else. As a result, after the initial successful military intervention, the west didn't want stability or order or anything of the sort. They didn't want allies in the region. They didn't care about the people. They wanted loot and the way to get it would be unstable countries. That's why those military interventions went to shit. They were meant to.
As it stands, there are no obvious objectives for the west in Iran. In addition to that, since Iraq and Afghanistan, the US doesn't have the military backing of its allies in offensive wars, and still on top of that the west is already entangled in a war in Ukraine. With Iran being a large country with a decently powerful military, a military intervention will be an extremely expensive project that the west is absolutely not interested in right now. Iran in its current state is actually quite useful to the west since its the local boogeyman being used to sell expensive weapons to other countries in the region. If anything the west would be more inclined to look the other way as Iran signs the execution of 14'000 people or commits other atrocities than to try and help its people. Which is literally what they did and were going to continue to do were it not for mass protests internationally which at least got them to just acknowledge that there's unrest in Iran.
But the protesters are losing in Iran… thousands arrested and we all know what happens when people go to jail. The government there has explicitly said they will be turning people into examples of why there should be no protests.