roughly 1400 years. Prior to that, Persia was predominantly Zoroastrian followed by many other local and imported religions like Bahai'i, Judiasm, Christianity, Hinduism, Buddhism, and even Sikhism.
You can give yourself some extreme credit here. The term is 100% a living word that has existed for over 3500 years. It is as old as the word for "mother" is extremely commonly made with a "m" sound.
I know a lot of folks that Identify as Iranian simply because their culture is still distinct from Persian. Some cultures are precursors that had lived in the region prior to the Achaemenid. Persian kings of antiquity have been known to bring artisans and scholars of other cultures, settling their people within classical Persia. For example, Assyrians are a minority group in Iran, but they have a fantastically long history in the region going back to 2500BC. The Sasanian Dynasty brought Armenian craftsman to Persia after the conquest of Armenia. Likewise, Persian Jews have been in Iran since the Babylonians.
Persian also refers to a specific ethnicity from Iran. Not all Iranians are Persians, only 65%. If they weren't Persian then they'd likely just say they are Azerbaijani or Kurdish, the second and third largest ethnic groups. It's just Persian is the only ethnic group that's specific to Iran. Not even all Iranic people's are Persian, the Kurds are an Iranic ethnic group with a language in the Iranic family.
Iran is ultimately a multiethnic country and the name Iran has ancient roots going back three thousand years. Persia is the name the Greeks gave to the Achaemenid Empire and is derived from a specific tribe of Iranic people, the Pars, but the empire of Cyrus the Great has never been exclusive to just one group. However, in the West the name Persia continued to be used until the 20th century even though it's not the native name.
I've known a lot of Persian folks, and they describe it pretty simply: If it's cultural, it's likely Persian. If it's national. Then it's probably Iranian. If it's older than that, it's something else.