Ah, the US giving everyone around the world money except for it's own citizens. They leave us behind and that's the plan. They designing a brand new world and don't give two shits about all the people that keep this country going.
$100 million may not sound like much but it adds up AND furthermore it doesn't help that WE barely get a say in where are taxes are going.
Considering that the US annual budget is in the trillions, in the grand scheme of things, 100 million is barely anything. A single F-35 costs between $80 million to $110 million.
The federal government already offered Ohio aid; the republican governor of Ohio turned it down, because apparently Republicans will eagerly harm their own voter base as long as they can use it as fodder for their next political campaign.
The federal government already offered Ohio aid; the governor of Ohio declined it, because apparently Republicans would rather have their constituents suffer and die than accept help from democrats.
The federal government already offered Ohio aid; the governor of Ohio declined it, because apparently Republicans would rather have their constituents suffer and die than accept help from democrats.
The federal government already offered Ohio aid; the governor of Ohio declined it, because apparently Republicans would rather have their constituents suffer and die than accept help from democrats.
They already tried; the Republican governor of Ohio rejected federal aid, solely on the basis that if they accepted aid, they wouldn’t be able to play the ignored victim in their next political campaign.
The federal government already offered aid to Ohio, but the Republican governor of Ohio turned it down.
"Ohio's governor, Mike DeWine, also says he requested disaster assistance from FEMA, which he says was denied. But the White House says that's because this is not like a hurricane, tornado or another natural disaster where there's widespread property damage.".
. . .The US is FAR from perfect. Blaming them for the current situation in Syria is just absurd. They prevented ISIS from keeping territory even longer than they did, but also armed some of the revolutionaries. But the Gulf states and Turkey armed just as many militants while not directly combating ISIS.