Should read 'can't yet confirm'. Investigations need to happen before the Pentagon can go on the record as saying 'these Polish civilians were definitely killed by these russian missiles', given the absolutely massive consequences that could follow.
I agree that this definitely cannot be an instant trigger for Article 5 and a full-on war between NATO and Russia, but we don't need to sweep this attack entirely under the rug for Putin's sake.
Please name and cite an event in which the US managed to hit civilians in a different country than the one they were aiming at with a failed missile strike.
If they acted so recklessly their missiles killed the citizens of another country, they chose to take that risk. Oops it was an accident doesn't really cover it, especially since Russia isn't exactly on the phone with Poland apologizing for killing their citizens and explaining how it was an accident.
There has to be some military response. Otherwise NATO is sending the message that occasional attacks on NATO countries will be tolerated without any consequences. The response will be well thought out, proportional, and likely telegraphed in advance so that Russia knows it is a proportional response, not a full attack on them.
So the appropriate response is to tell Russia to smarten the fuck up and be more careful, and move more resources into place to make it absolutely clear that if an intentional attack did happen that NATO would be in place to respond appropriately.
If Russia was going to attack Poland intentionally, knowing that NATO is standing behind them, they wouldn't have hit one random street with a random missile in a random small village.
If you think NATO is scared of NATO and wouldn't respond if Russia fired missiles into a NATO country, then it's hard to comprehend how stupid you are.
Recourse doesn't have to be "declare war on Russia", it can be "move a shitload more NATO military assets to the Ukraine border and make damn sure Russia knows the west expects them not to have any more accidents".