Yeah… I don’t think a lot of people from privileged backgrounds fully understand that a hard life leads to hard, unsympathetic, immoral people. The abused become the abuser, as it were.
Oh for sure it can be organic. I’m saying that people aware of their own suffering and powerlessness develop a certain darkness that would terrify a therapist. And Russia is s country full of abused humans.
Russia has a long history of using mass rape as a weapon. Rape happens in every war, it's a side effect of dehumanizing the enemy; however there are very few armies today that would instruct their soldiers to rape everybody they came across. Russia is one of those and has been for hundreds of years.
This is how Russia has always been for hundreds of years. The October revolution tried to change this but only managed to put a coat of red paint over it. This is why Russia continues to try and support the world's "second largest army" despite having an economy smaller than Italy's, and this is why Russia has been unable to join the "global community" despite thirty years of the world bending over backwards to integrate them. To a Russian fear and respect are entwined. You cannot have respect without fear. They never even considered building their economy like Germany did because they don't consider Germany respectable because nobody fears Germany. This war is happening now because, ultimately, nobody fears Russia anymore either, even the "inferior" countries that Russia has traditionally bullied.
Russia isn't an honor culture, it's a dishonor culture. Might makes right. If you can lie, cheat, and scam your way to the top, but you can get away with it, then you're looked up to in Russian society. You didn't dishonor yourself by acting unethically, everyone you exploited dishonored themselves by trusting you.
This woman is telling her husband to rape other women because exploring people and getting away with it is how you gain prestige in Russian society. She's not upset or concerned about the fact that she might get raped (in fact she already has been), she's more concerned about her social standing and prestige. If her husband rapes and exploits a lot of Ukrainian women then that makes: 1) Russia look better, for being strong and exploiting a weaker, "inferior" country like Ukraine, and 2) it makes the wife look better for being the wife of such a strong soldier who gained glory for himself by raping lots of women.
This woman probably thinks she's like Karla Homolka (dating a rapist, but is content and calm over the idea that her rapist-husband would never hurt her), or believes that he'd somehow never develop the desire to continue/escalate the urge to rape after the war with Ukraine. Either way, her words sound truly stupid, selfish and and ego-centric.
As someone whose grandfather was a criminal war veteran (long story. He had beaten and raped a waitress and was given the 'prison or go to vietnam' option when he got put on trial). I can't even imagine laughing while knowing that he's going to rape and abuse women and (possibly) children over there.
Like--my family didn't even know (because the government didn't even bother to record my stepgrandfather's crime, and they allowed him unlimited access to civilian women and children during and after the war). We only found out because he turned around and started raping and abusing my family, and he'd let slip of certain things he did before the war (usually during the rants and threats he had made). We had to move across states to get away from him, and we couldn't even convict him of the things he did to my family--because he was able to get his war buddies to lie for him in court.