not sure what that has to do with this article. If the restaurant can't say vegan chicken then they will say "protein strips" or something. you still won't know what it is.
I think the problem is language. the word "chicken" means chicken. The word grape can mean all kinds of things. grape flavor, grape the fruit, grape the juice etc. So if I see grape drink, it's a little deceptive but my brain at least is looking for the modifier. But chicken is chicken. Fried chicken, chicken strips, chicken broth, etc all have meat in them. "vegan chicken" is new and unfamiliar. You should check out this other sub where they were talking about how many people fundamentally don't know what the word "vegan" even means. One person thought Vegan=Organic. Another thought it meant "healthy" or sustainably raised, like people are legit calling eggs "vegan" because they came from a friend's chickens.
I’m just saying that it’s pretty common to use a misspelling of “chicken” like this to denote plant-based substitutes. If “chicken” is to be reserved for the animal meat only, I just think we should let the misspellings be reserved for plant based only. One person’s opinion. I’m happy to eat plant proteins that aren’t called “chicken” at all.
I’m vegetarian & I don’t think I will eat lab grown meat. Just because an animal isn’t harmed, it’s still cultured from an animal thus my assumption is it will be very similar or identical to meat, which isn’t something I eat. I don’t want to consume animal blood, fat or anything else, so it’s just not appealing to me personally.
I had not thought about the possibility of both meat eaters and vegans avoiding a product, but that’s a great point as well. I think a few companies/products will fail until they figure out how to get the marketing right. Price will probably be a big factor as well, more people are likely to try a similar substitute if the price is less than normal meat.
I think they are concerned with a future in which meat substitutes become much more common and increasingly placed nearby real meat. Elderly, people with poor eyesite, impaired cognition could be at a disadvantage I suppose. I'd be ok with a huge label saying "NOT MEAT".
If we’re doing this, I propose adding a “no” before the “meat” name for substitutes. So, plant based “meats” would be NoChicken, NoBeef, NoShrimp, NoBacon etc.
If you buy hamburger, there are no ingredients. If you buy "vegan hamburger" there will be ingredients listed. In the US at least they don't sell the products next to each other so I don't see how you would be confused. If you buy a Cadbury cream egg are you worried it might be a real egg? Are people thinking peeps might actually be chickens lol?