They knew about the Puckle Gun, an early hand-cranked machine gun patented in 1718. It was the first firearm that meets the general definition of a repeating rifle. The cartridge was invented in 1847, and the Spencer repeating rifle was patented in 1860. So, modern repeating small arms were in use 71 years after the Constitution was signed, and the founders definitely understood the concept of a repeating small arm because its prototype had long existed.
I didn't even know that. I was surprised when I read _Miller_ closely, the opinion was that weapons which could reasonably have been used by a militia in battle are protected by the 2A, but not other weapons.
The militia is every able-bodied male who may be called up to defend his state or his nation. Your quotation literally says that. It is right ^^^ there. The militia is you.
The good news for gun owners is that the militias are still around! They are just called State Guards now and many of them even have an unbroken lineage going right back to the revolution:
My argument is that the 2nd Amendment and the accompanying Militia Acts clearly outlines what a militia is and how you can join it (as I posted above) and that if you want a gun, you can join the militia (State Guard).
Personally I think we should go with a literal interpretation of the 2nd amendment, as the Founding Fathers wrote the Militia Acts in the same time period that clarifies what it is exactly they meant:
And insofar as this all relates to 2nd Amendment, it directly counters the anachronistic insistence that it only guarantees the militia and not the right to keep and bear arms, and ALSO directly counters the similarly anachronistic insistence that the militia has nothing to do with it. It does, but not because of the guns. The militias had to be protected so the Army couldn't stop them from hunting down black people escaping to the North. The only way to do that is to ensure the people are able to be armed, because, again, by definition, the militia cannot exist without an armed population to draw from.
Also has to be said the other reason the two are conflated is because militias by definition were armed by the citizens that made them up. The militia could not exist without the citizens themselves being armed of their own accord first.