Not quite true -- what customer service would SpaceX even have? Tesla has a large network of Service Centers and takes pretty good care of its SuperCharger network.
Check out their GigaPress. He credits the company that makes them for Tesla and has talked up how significant the use of a single pressed car body is for many reasons.
Again, I'm glad to see more EVs but the Teslas in production you can get with a short wait are in fact very nice cars.
To be clear I'm very happy to see that many other car companies are starting to make EVs (in limited numbers for the most part though). I do want to see more completion pushing Tesla, and any car company, to make better EVs.
I bought a Kia EV because I think Tesla makes crappy cars and I want my EV to be a car first and foremost, not a tech device. I think the "minimalism" in Teslas is in fact cheapness, and that they charge a premium for vehicles that should be viewed as low-end. But all of this said, I don't think it is really fair to judge Teslas on price until production catches up with demand.
I don't think EVs make sense for pickup trucks right now, even though Tesla had a demo of their semi.
Maybe this is an unpopular opinion, but Tesla is not important in the evolution of EVs. At least not anymore - they used to be, but the market has caught up to them and overtaken them, which is why the Tesla stuck is down to 50% what it was at the start of the year. And it is still overvalued. Now they just make sub-par hugely overpriced cars in a market where many other manufacturers make way better EVs for cheaper. The only aspect where Tesla is in front is charging network, but even that is changing. Most major markets for Tesla either already regulate that their chargers need to be able to be used by all EVs not just Teslas, or such regulation is coming.
Tesla's in European markets use the standard J1772 plug because that was the standard when Tesla arrived in Europe.
Why Tesla never switched over to the J1772 plug when it became standard? Not sure, but that's totally on Tesla, and it's annoying as hell.