The US appears to enjoy its position as a bank roll for its allies when they engage with well-known US rivals... China may be putting up defenses of that happening in Taiwan.
The US has its own one China policy that does not take a stance on the status of Taiwan. US one China policy is intact and in either case the US sets its own parameters on it. China's "One China PRINCIPLE" has never been agreed to and the US does not abide by it. The US merely acknowledged that China does in fact have a one China PRINCIPLE.
So if I understand this correctly, the US does acknowledge the one-China policy and that the CPC is the only government of China, but there is wordplay on Taiwan.
>The United States' One-China policy was first stated in the Shanghai Communiqué of 1972: "the United States acknowledges that Chinese on either side of the Taiwan Strait maintain there is but one China and that Taiwan is a part of China. The United States does not challenge that position." The United States has not expressed an explicitly immutable statement regarding whether it believes Taiwan is independent or not. Instead, Washinon simply states that they understand the PRC's claims on Taiwan as its own. In fact, many scholars agree that U.S. One-China policy was not intended to please the PRC government, but as a way for Washinon to conduct international relations in the region, which Beijing fails to state. A more recent study suggests that this wording reflected the Nixon administration's desire to shift responsibility for resolving the dispute to the "people most directly involved" – that is, China and Taiwan. At the same time, the United States would avoid "prejudic\[ing\] the ultimate outcome" by refusing to explicitly support the claims of one side or the other.
Just a point of semantics. The US does not accept the One China policy in a sense of agreeing with it, . AKA "Yes we know you think that".
It's fine to browse headlines without reading articles. It's toxic to comment without reading an article, especially because headlines are often written by editors for marketing purposes and may not even accurately reflect the message of the article or the intent of the author.