So we're left with impotent yelling cause we don't want to fight them but we also don't like their cultures view on people.
Honestly we should just run with it. Yeah, it's all made up and the rules don't matter, so we have decided that human rights are important and thus worthy to fight for.
well, the concept of human rights and abandoning social hierarchies is a western value, so, yes. Human rights are a western construct.
What's funny is that western human rights are only inherent to the groups that defined those rights. For many marginalized communities in western civilizations, those human rights don't even extend to them. So many people call for human rights in Afghanistan or Iran (and rightfully so) but don't even realize their own country suffers from their own list of human rights issues.
Dude. I'm not starting an argument. I'm not saying that The West is worse. Obviously we have the largest and best extension of human rights comparatively. I'm just acknowledging the fact that having the full extension of human rights is a privileged position to be in, even in the West. There are still populations of people (in the West) that live without some or all basic rights extended to others. That is a bottom line fact.
Aaannnnnd none of that is the point. Nobody was ever, ever making the argument that Western society has not advanced or is not more advanced than those in the Middle East. You keep repeating the same thing over and over and it has nothing to do with the statement you originally "disagreed" with (and some of your arguments, like saying it took "not that long" to correct same sex marriage, are flat out wrong. It took until 2015. 7 years ago. Do you think gay people just didn't want to get married before the year 2000?). You have made 0 actual counterarguments to the statement that Western society historically and to a lesser extent currently excludes parts of its population from participating in the human rights it criticizes other societies for witholding. Frankly, it's pointless continuing this discussion, because you don't seem capable of understanding what's being discussed.
We are absolutely still kicking puppies, and our system did and does explicitly support inequality. I was an adult before we made same-sex marriage legal. We have several states currently denying women the right to have control over their own bodies. The Constitution of the US let states decide who should vote, and the vast majority of states initially chose to legally restrict voting to white male landowners. It was part of their system, not just randos running the polling places choosing to turn away nonwhite men and all women. Same-sex marriage was prevented using laws and access to abortion is being restricted using laws. That's systemic inequality, and it's not a thing of the past.