Doctrine Radical - Artillery is just ammunition yeeted through the air at high speed and over long range.
What makes artillery scarier than air strikes is that if you have no way to take out the guns, they can literally lay fire down 24/7. Whereas a plane has to fly back to re-arm / refuel and guided bombs are expensive vs an artillery shell, some gun powder and a bunch of bored Marines.
Regarding rate of fire, the British would probably buy slower firing howitzers before they decide to buy more ammo.
The WRSA is actively maintained, and due to Israel's rather frequent use of it, it's likely filled with fairly modern, still-in-use equipment. In 2014 Israel drew thousands of JDAMs kits from it, and artillery shells were drawn in almost every conflict. In 2006 Lebanon War, Israel fired about 250k artillery shells (Ukraine fires 90k a month), and it likely drew a large number from the WRSA to backfill it.
The Ukraine conflict has become an artillery-driven war of attrition, with each side lobbing thousands of shells every day. Ukraine has run low on munitions for its Soviet-era weaponry and has largely shifted to firing artillery and rounds donated by the United States and other Western allies.
Artillery constitutes the backbone of ground combat firepower for both Ukraine and Russia, and the war’s outcome may hinge on which side runs out of ammunition first, military analysts say. With stockpiles in the United States strained and American arms makers not yet able to keep up with the pace of Ukraine’s battlefield operations, the Pentagon has turned to two alternative supplies of shells to bridge the gap: one in South Korea and the one in Israel, whose use in the Ukraine war has not been previously reported.
WASHINGTON — The Pentagon is tapping into a vast but little-known stockpile of American ammunition in Israel to help meet Ukraine’s dire need for artillery shells in the war with Russia, American and Israeli officials say.
The shipment of hundreds of thousands of artillery shells from the two stockpiles to help sustain Ukraine’s war effort is a story about the limits of America’s industrial base and the diplomatic sensitivities of two vital U.S. allies that have publicly committed not to send lethal military aid to Ukraine.
Another analysis published last month by the Foreign Policy Research Institute said that if Ukraine continued to receive a steady supply of ammunition, particularly for artillery, as well as spare parts, it would stand a good chance of wresting back more territory that Russia had seized.
Arming the Ukrainian military with enough artillery ammunition is part of a larger American-led effort to increase its overall combat power by also providing more precision long-range weapons, Western tanks and armored fighting vehicles, and combined arms training.
Mr. Kofman said in an interview that without adjustments to how the Ukrainian military fights, future Ukrainian offensives might require significantly more artillery ammunition to make progress against entrenched Russian defenses.
“The question is whether these advantages will prove sufficient for Ukrainian forces to retake territory from entrenched Russian troops,” wrote Rob Lee and Michael Kofman, leading military analysts.