Yeah but people are also ignoring that is what Chinese fighter flight path looks like most of the time. It isn't nearly as simple as herpa derp the ADIZ extends over mainland. Yes it does but the incursions usually are not over mainland china.
They used to own almost all of China. Now they are so small and underdeveloped, why wouldn’t they solve a dispute? They probably cannot even defend themself if China would want harm, probably depending also on imports from China. It was a sarcastic joke about countries can claim territory they once owned but lost/gained through revolution, war, treaties whatever. If Communist China can claim a land they never conquered with their civil war, why can’t Mongolia claim land they once had but lost later?
There are vastly more descendents of the rulers of the Yuan Dynasty in PRC China than outer Mongolia. most of these people don't even live in inner Mongolia, a lot more in Beijing or Shanghai etc. Outer Mongolia itself as a separate entity is an artifact of the Soviet Union vying for global communist domination and they managed to carve out a piece of the Qing empire that the Manchu and subsequent Republic of China no longer were able to maintain.
The Qing dynasty in particular embarked on a policy of marrying their ruling class with Mongolian warlords in the area currently known as Mongolia, and together the Manchus and Mongols + allied Han Chinese conquered the Ming dynasty.
For better or worse, modern day communist china is a multiethnic state where the majority of their ethnicities have been fully self-assimilated into the majoritarian han culture (like the Qing Manchu ruling class). Primary exceptions being tibetans and Uighurs who are being forcefully assimilate with both carrots (affirmative action) and inhumane sticks (concentration camps). This happened pre communist revolution actually and many of the Taiwanese republic of china share the same history (a lot of the landholding elites in pre-communist China were descendents of manchu nobles who fled to Taiwan because communist murdered lots of rich people). Theres actually a prominent American general of this background John Fughs.
Some parts of the Yuan remnants after the rise of the Han-led Ming dynasty did flee to outer Mongolia, but most people just stayed put cuz they had houses and farms and shit.