Russia has shown interest in seizing these deposits so starting developing them is a way to prevent that as any attack on them will be seen for what it is nothing but theft of there oil and gas deposits, not that russia has the knowhow to develop these fields but they could stop others from doing so thus the reliance on russian oil and gas remains.
Oil is not necessary in any way it is just the will of the people to force government to install solar that is lacking due to propaganda saying it is not good enough or too expensive, yes the energy created from solar on every roof would give more electricity than all oil and gas power plants combined.
Solar has been shown to be more than capable of replacing oil and gas powered energy plants very quickly no doubts no arguments can ignore the many examples where solar on home roofs alone have enabled countries to generate more energy than they use time and again.
Forget wind and nuclear and other expensive initiatives that fill a small gap in the energy market, solar will mean the end of oil and gas for electricity generation, and only be used for other things and even then those can be developed from plants eventually.
Saying that if one of the supposed breakthrough technologies in thorium reactors works or some of the ideas of small form factor nuclear becomes real maybe we could talk about nuclear again, but right now nuclear as it is is a waste of money and too dirty, money that could be spent installing solar panels.
Nuclear is perfect as a stepping stone towards fusion, thorium, or whatever other power generation they may come up with in the future.
Modern nuclear reactors are demonstrably the cleanest, cheapest, and likely safest option going forward. The word nuclear scares the shit out of most people though, mostly through sheer ignorance of the advances made in the last 40 years.
It scares the shit out of us because you can't trust some countries with nuclear power. Someone, somewhere will cut corners and it will end in disaster again. It's easy to regulate when you have a dozen power plants, but when you have hundreds all over the world, it's impossible.