Not condoning China's brutal exploitation of the uighurs in the slightest, but China's issue with Uighurs is because they riot after decades of mistreatment, also like tibet, the region had festering aspirations for independence as Uyghuristan.
It's more or less europeans at this point. China and America basically stoipped caring about what irreperable damage they will be doing to trade with each other and their economies but China does care about keeping Europe nice and neutral to have some market if trade with america utterly breaks down.
Cumulatively, the shift in Europe’s stance toward China and the prospect of a war between mainland China and Taiwan sure to devastate global trade have injected an urgent and powerful momentum into the West’s “economic decoupling” with China. Alarmed corporate executives no longer need encouragement from Washinon’s China hawks to reduce their dependence on mainland-based supply chains.
Fears of a potential Chinese invasion of Taiwan have also prompted Japan to double military spending in the next five years -- a change in policy no sensible Chinese leaders want to see.
The strategic and economic costs to China are only going to mount. Xi has no alternative but to stick with Putin. Abandoning him now would be seen as unforgivable treachery in Moscow, while having a marginal effect in patching up ties with Europe. Withdrawing Chinese support for Putin could also accelerate the latter’s defeat in Ukraine, which would allow the US to concentrate its undivided attention on China sooner.
How realistic such anxieties are matters little. The ensuing attention to Taiwan’s fate has been hugely detrimental to China’s interests. Westerners eager to demonstrate their support have elevated Taiwan’s international visibility and status, which China has worked tirelessly to deny. Even worse, the prospect of war in the Taiwan Strait has energized US efforts to bolster Taiwan militarily and diplomatically, further hollowing out its “one-China policy.”.