Hello r/politics! It is finally November 8th, 2022, the last day open to voting in this year’s midterm elections. If you have not yet voted, and are legally able to do so, we strongly encourage you to do your civic duty.
(3) No person shall be penalized for taking a reasonable time off to vote, unless, undercircumstances which did not prohibit him from voting, he fails to vote. Anyqualified voter who exercises his right to voting leave under this section but fails tocast his vote, under circumstances which did not prohibit him from voting, may besubject to disciplinary action.
118.035 Hours polls to be open -- Employees to be allowed time off to vote, to applyfor or execute absentee ballot, and to serve or train to be election officer.
(1) The polls shall be opened on the day of a primary, special election, or regularelection at 6 a.m., prevailing time, and shall remain open until each voter who iswaiting in line at the polls at 6 p.m., prevailing time, has voted. At 6 p.m.,prevailing time, if voters are waiting at the polls to vote, the precinct election sheriffshall announce that a voter wishing to vote must immediately get in line. When allvoters waiting at the polls at that time are in line, the precinct election sheriff shallthen determine which voter is the last in line, and that voter shall be the last voterpermitted to vote. The precinct election sheriff shall wait in line with the last voterwho shall be permitted to vote until that voter has voted and shall inform a voterwho subsequently arrives at the polls that no one shall be permitted to vote after thelast voter in line at 6 p.m., prevailing time. After the last voter waiting in line at 6p.m., prevailing time, has voted, the polls shall then be closed.
Can we please wait for polls to close before we start the doom and gloom? I know it's a rough and frankly scary day in general. But remember, old boomers and above don't work so they have plenty of time to vote early today. It happens at every election and they always vote on the red side of things so it will seem skewed to the right at the start.
A quick reminder: We ARE going to have to deal with people claiming the vote was rigged. In every election. In super-blue California House districts. In local judgeships lost because the candidate shot a local's dog.