It does both. And that's part of the beauty of it - it lets people support minority or fringe candidates, without putting someone they really don't like in power.
You can't really say exactly how good a candidate with x, y, and q attributes is for that voter, as if they get elected without many q-supporting peers that divergence may end up not mattering at all. You can't really say how bad a candidate with x, y, and z attributes is for a voter who wanted a, b, and c, because there may be issues with that voter's understanding of the issues (of course, in the mass delusion scenario, this could also be true for x, y, and z, but our election system has to put some trust in the will of the majority here). You can't even be sure how good a winning candidate in agreement with a voter is for the voter, since the candidate may be more or less effective depending on the political circumstances they're elected to - the voter may feel strongly about policy x, and want to elect someone who will fight for it, but if there aren't enough votes in the end, and after much waiting a compromise policy q is implemented, the voter's life may be worse off than if a q supporter had just been elected in the first place.
Instead of designing a ballot as a test of strategy where some ways of filling it out leave voters poorly represented, the ballot should ask only for the information that is needed to determine a voter's best strategy, and take that strategy out of individuals' hands. It turns out that means using only the ranking.
Eh. Instant runoff, which is what everyone means by ranked choice, is a start. Better than what most of the country does now. But don't set it up like some kind of ideal. It's another broken system that's a little less broken than what we're doing already.
If you really want to fix things, there are any number of voting systems that aren't broken. They do use a ranked ballot. So maybe if we can at least take that step, then in another 20 years we can switch to a decision process that isn't broken.