Don't worry - Florida doesn't have to go anywhere. The ocean is coming for it. "Climate activists are propaganda bullglubglubglub gasp WE NEED FEDERAL AID!".
Well, sorta. We still need a , and that's all subject to the same chicanery. It's the rules vote where Dems will see their demand met, and the way the voting works, we save the required abstentions for the last voting Dem members (so we can abort the play if it's not working out). That rules vote is where rubber meets the road on _all_ of the demands being made of the Speaker. Rules about when the Speaker can be recalled? Governed by the adopted rules.
They would do so under very specific conditions. They'd negotiate something like, the ability to bring any bill to the floor without requiring Republican blessings and/or important committee seats. The dems gain nothing sitting back and just watching this happen. On the other hand, as the minority party, they have a LOT of stuff they could be asking for in exchange for letting Congress get to actually doing Congressional work. Dems negotiating some conclusion to this would come with a LOT of opportunity for gains.
That said, working with moderates to get past this comes with some risks. Can we find enough Democrats that won't be negatively impacted by voting for a Republican speaker? And treading water isn't necessarily the _worst_ decision while your opponent is actively trying to drown themselves, is it? So, the choices are: sit back and enjoy republicans destroying themselves for a while as nobody gets checks and no work gets done, or, risk a few seats in exchange for actual governing power that Dems can thanklessly use and get punished for (remember, we generally always get punished for actual governance).
Once they're literally in charge of all the committees, can bring legislation to a floor vote without McCarthy's approval, can remove him with a single vote at a whim, and have had all the Dems/Reps they don't like banned from committee assignments, then they will vote yes.