It's also amazing how people still don't understand that a country is not a business. Even if Trump was a genius businessman, that doesn't mean he'll be good at running a country. They are so fundamentally different in absolutely every way. I don't want my country run like a business, I want it run like a country.
Friendly reminder that he directly admitted to his supporters that he never wanted to do that, literally immediately after winning in 2016. It was like two weeks later, he hadn't even been inaugurated yet, and a crowd started chanting 'lock her up' at him. He stopped them and said, no no no, we don't want that. That plays well before the election, but we're not actually gonna do that.
This is exactly why Republicans vote for him. They have a tendency to wildly oversimplify every problem in the universe. There is nothing that can't be solved with a one-sentence soundbyte. Like "take care of business" or "get the job done". They think Democrats are so stupid, that they just simply never thought of trying to reduce inflation or end wars or cure COVID by looking the problem in the eye, shaking its hand, and asking to speak to its manager.
And nearly half of the country is willing to lie to themselves that he is as good as he says, because they'd rather have an incompetent and malevolent idiot Republican in charge than any Democrat. Whether it's a hatred of taxes, fear of change, or simply wanting to stop minorities and women from being "uppity", they've rallied behind this guy simply because he has said the most and compromised the least on what they want to hear. Results don't really matter, just feelings.
The gulf between Trump's self-promotion and his actual substance is astounding. He keeps telling people that he's the only person that can solve all these immense and complicated problems, and then his solutions amount to basic concepts that are merely the theoretical structure to an actual solution. Trump said Obama "didn't even think about just talking" to Kim Jong Un, not even thinking it was a deliberate decision and instead thinking he was the first to come up with the idea.
I always assumed it was something even simpler: Trump was willing to meet with Kim just so he could say he met with Kim Jong Un as president, and be the first president to do so.