I mean a big part of the problem is the supply constriction, giving people more money to spend may actually increase inflation instead of helping it since the supply issue remains. Usually the prescription is more restrictive monetary policy hence why the Fed keeps raising interest rates.
It's true that raising interest rates will eventually cool inflation, but it does it by putting a blanket, across the board price increase on EVERYTHING. It gets to the point that buyers have to refuse to pay a price because they literally don't have enough money to pay for it all. Interest rates cool inflation by amplifying the effects of poverty. It puts the burden of pulling inflation in on those most at risk.
The United States is not the only country dealing with inflation right now. And many countries, particularly ones in Europe are experiencing higher levels of inflation than the United States. While every economy is unique, they all continue to face similar challenges with labor sourcing and supply chain disruptions as a continued impact of the global pandemic.
As it takes time for more production to come online, in the near term, the tools our government has to dampen inflation is restrictive monetary policy - raising interest rates, raising taxes, and cutting government spending. This decelerates the economy by slowing the growth in the money supply resulting in less upward pressure on prices.
The chief factor of inflation today is supply bottlenecks. As demand continues to outpace supply, prices will continue to rise. As pressure on the global supply chain eases, prices will also ease and inflation will follow.
You cure inflation by reducing the money supply...They are increasing spending that will have no effect on reducing cost of living or consumer prices. If they had passed legislation to reduce property taxes on people who owned only a single property and income taxes on lower income residents while increasing taxes on people with multiple properties and high incomes they could increase money for social assistance programs that would contribute further to the economy than just simply providing money. Like food stamps.