Meanwhile, in Canada, there have been 11 (Correction; looks to be between 15 and 19 total) deaths in school shootings. ().
Lmao. How do we not have record crime when you have Buisness leaving cities because crime is so high. Maybe you’re just blind or live in a small town. But I live in a blue city and I see crime everywhere. Cities are dirty then ever and the drugs are everywhere. You can think crime isn’t happening but sadly it is.
I grew up outside New York and love the city, but it’s falling apart. I was just there last month visiting family, and it wasn’t a safety haven. Like any city after 9pm watch over your shoulder. Your stats can tell you whatever you want, when you more only looking at specific types of crime. I’m talking all crime. Murder, car jacking, stores robbed, people assaulted, rape, random acts of violence, property damage, etc. everything I looked up say yes it’s down in violent crimes but every other crime stat is up.
I’m pointing out that the statistic of “gun deaths” is generally used when talking about violence. Suicides are absolutely gun deaths, but the term “gun deaths” is used to obfuscate the conversation more often than not.
No shit, except the original comment was that again guns were the MAJOR causal factor for suicides in the US. Guns might make it so suicides are more successful in the long run, but I can think of a plethora of greater causal factors for an individuals want to commit suicide than owning a gun.
Again if guns are the causal link in catalyzing people to commit suicides as claimed then the US should be number one in per capita suicides when in reality we dont even hit top 20. Did you even read the study or is this one of those reddit cases of just reading the title and not the paper itself. Idk maybe look up "successful suicides" in the context of that paper.
Again, that's a valid discussion to have, but I was responding to the idea that people ignore suicides. Suicides have no place in a conversation about people using semi-automatic rifles to kill a bunch of people. Some gun control proponents, probably including the person I originally responded to given their glib comment, believe that gun owners ignore suicides because they get called out for including suicides in conversations where they do not belong.
It's not that gun advocates don't care about suicides, it's that things like assault weapon bans, registries, magazine capacity bans, concealed carry restrictions and universal background checks won't do anything to reduce suicides, so the only point in including suicides when talking about those proposals is to use them to drive up the numbers and promote an emotional response rather than a logical one.
That's not to say that things like red flag laws and waiting periods don't have an effect on suicide, including suicide when talking about those two proposals is quite valid as they are designed to reduce things like suicide. I am merely talking about why suicides are generally not talked about when discussing the proposals above, which are a large portion of gun control proposals gun control proponents are trying to push.
Right up until we're talking about violence, at which point suicides and accidental deaths (and even justified deaths) are no longer relevant to the conversation. The issue is that "gun deaths" is used by gun control proponents in places where the overwhelming majority of the deaths that make up the statistic are not relevant to the conversation.
Even the Violence Policy Center, one of the more prominent gun control advocacy groups, estimates around 60,000 defensive gun uses each year. That outnumbers the number of people murdered by firearms, it outnumbers the number of people accidentally killed by firearms every year, it outnumbers firearm suicides. If you add up suicides, murders and accidental deaths, that number of defensive uses still outnumbers it.
Committing suicide is an inherently violent act, but it is not violence. You don't seem to be reading all of my comments. The laws and regulations we might pass to prevent suicide are not the same laws and regulations we might pass to fix violent crime and homicide so when you include suicide numbers in your discussion about things like magazine capacity limits or background checks it's misleading.