Will under 30's decide to vote instead of saying "what's the point, no one ever listens to me". I wonder why government's never govern for young people though? If they mobilised up to a 90% turn out, you'd suddenly find that they became interested - promise!
Currently we're seeing something like 42/58 which will be closer to 30/70 by the next election. At that point Labour can begin the process. Labour stands a good chance of winning a second term too, they'll need to calculate if its a vote winner circa 2028.
Labour won't risk making it a platform at the next election (they don't need to) but when the results come in, there are going to be well over hundred conservative losing their seats, as well as some of the more poisonous personalities deciding that opposition isn't for them and the memoir industry awaits.
I think it's pandering, and given that the next election is increasingly starting to look like a penalty kick, Labour doesn't have any reason to risk a major policy platform change.
And the fact that Starmer's Tory-Lite, Brexiteer-pandering watered-down "Labour" is the "good" outcome- or rather the best we can expect- is the most damning thing of all about UK politics.
And Labour under Starmer has taken up (in effect) a pro-Brexit position- along with such a lukewarm lack of opposition to the Johnson/post-Johnson Tories' English nationalism that they're all but going along with it.
Regardless of how one juggles the statistics, the fact remains that Starmer's "Make Brexit Work" et al is blatantly pandering to Leave voters and English nationalists. Labour lost enough of their (already-on-life-support) voter base to the pro-Brexit Tories that they clearly decided this was the strategy they should follow.
In Scotland, where we voted Remain by a large margin, Labour is now being dismissed by many as a pro-Brexit party- because they are, regardless of whether they're simply doing it to win votes. (Even the pro-unionist writer of acknowledges that Starmer has alienated many potential voters here with his Tory-esque rhetoric.).