An induction cooktop is great and close to on-par with a gas burner, but the price of an induction range is about twice as much as a gas or electric range. If the choices in my price range are between gas or a conventional electric range, I'd choose the gas range any day.
Better than regular electric, I'd call gas vs induction a mixed tie. The remaining problem with induction is you get uniformity issues unless you have a very good version of it. But with how quickly that has improved, that's much less of a problem now than it was 5-7 years ago. I think long term, that's where we end up, and that will likely be sooner now due to these findings. There's still a few things that just require gas like cooking in a big wok though.
I cook a lot, and I've gotta say, for that purpose, gas really is just objectively better. I bet the outcome of all of this in the long run won't be getting rid of gas stoves. It'll be change to stove designs to include some sort of built in fume extractor that automatically comes on when cooking.
Compare standard gas stove to a standard induction cooktop and let me know how they stack up. Induction isn't there yet.
That guy bought an induction cook top worth almost 20k. You're not comparing apples to apples. a 1k gas cook top is way more affordable than an induction that can achieve similar results.
Regarding control the Chefs say otherwise and love how efficient it is because it heats much faster than gas. I'm not here to debate though. Your opinion differs from the vast majority of the ones I have heard coming from chefs.
"When Eric Ripert, the chef of Le Bernardin, renovated the kitchens of his Manhattan apartment and Hamptons beach house, he nixed the gas, instead choosing sleekly powerful induction cooktops by Miele and Gaggenau.".
Better than induction or better than electric? Chefs are starting to use induction and like it because it is easier to control and clean up is quick. They also are reducing the heat in their kitchens and staff aren't betting burned.
The truth is the attraction of gas is that people are used to it being better than coils, but induction is not coils.