I am absolutely terrified that this is going to literally be the end of democracy in America. I've been following this case intensely. From everything I've gathered it seems that our democracy is going to come down to how Barrett votes on the issue. So far Roberts has indicated that he will vote with the liberal justices against this so that makes it 4-4. The 4 conservative justices have not held back their support for voting in favor of this theory that will end our democracy. They absolutely support this case and that terrifies me to death. So I have pretty much decided that since our democracy staying in place has come down to trusting Barrett to vote against it that we are screwed. I believe this so much that I'm preparing to move to an EU country. I'm absolutely exhausted by the political climate of this country. Plus my wife is a doctor and the reversal of Roe was too much for her. Especially since we live in TX. We know so many doctors that are also currently in the process of moving out of TX because of the ridiculous laws they've rushed through since Roe was overturned.
I'm not sure the Roe example can be used because as soon as Roe was overturned, states started implementing these terrible anti-abortion laws. Even Texas kicked off these things with the way they implemented a way for the populace to go after those who helped or performed abortions by making it a civil tort, where the state itself wasn't culpable or responsible for enforcement. This happened before Roe was overturned, and it didn't really make people upset on the same level as Roe overturned.
These states would have to change these laws or constitution, or when it goes to these state courts, the court would have to rule against the laws and call them unconstitutional. This is a possibility on either end, but a change to state constitutions will take more than 2 years.
Some state constitutions have laws that prevent going against voters, so if they try to change that, it could also cause upset. This will likely spill over onto the national stage, but from the point of view of the national constitution, they're still obligated to go by the certified electoral college results.
It would give state legislaturea the ability to district lines but more importantly it would give states the final say in presidential electors for the electoral college.
It means whichever party controls a given state's legislature will effectively have control over how that state votes for president, should the legislature decide to go there.
Question is, will the blow back happen when the supreme court rules on it, or after some state decides to try and send delegates that ignore that states voters?
Talking more about on the state constitutional level, where some state constitutions say that the electoral college has to go to whoever won the state by popular vote. This varies from state to state, but generally falls into the bad faith elector clauses of the state.