Purely due to gerrymandering. Had a non partisan map been used in just Ohio let alone the other states with maps as ridiculous, we’d likely still have the house.
A nonpartisan map is required by the state constitution, but the Republicans played games, dragged it out and basically forced the state to use one of their bullshit maps because "we need some map for the election and this is the best we've got.".
But yeah. People are absolutely purposefully miseducated and indoctrinated against critical thinking here in the United States. They'd vote for perceived charisma over any actual policy bonafides any day. Which is problematic since when it comes to politics. Those with charisma almost never have workable policy. And those with policy almost never have charisma. Outside a rare few like Feterman recently in PA.
Because they don't believe they did any damage. Or actually wanted to do more. Anyone that voted trump after supporting Sanders. Never actually supported Sanders. They only supported the concept of a perceived outsider. Most of them couldn't have told you a single policy or position of his that won their support.
They've been programmed for decades by fascists to not only hate their government. But to want to destroy and dismantle it as well. In favor of fascist rule. And I'm not here to cheerlead for our current government. It needs major changes and fixes. But the government is our power. The people. We need to take it back from the corporations. Not destroy it for them.
I dunno if anyone ever considered Bush an outsider. Grandson of a man possibly implicated in the business plot, as the man they wished to install as a fascist dictator over the United States. Son of the former head spook, who oversaw innumerable clandestine attacks against other nations and democracies. If he felt they didn't love American business interests right. Was also 2nd banana to one of the 2 most damaging elected fascists in the United States. And went on to be a failure of a president as well. Jr was pretty "in" at least as I saw it. At least as much as the Kennedys would be these days.