It's highly condional. In short, IF russia withdraws all troops from Ukraine AND there is a peace deal that both sides agree upon, THEN in time trade could resume.
If Russia will stop the war, it will only because Ukraine will break their face, not because they are desperate to trade with the West again. Until Russia fully changes its leadership and its mentality, Russia will just use all the new money from the trade to do a new invasion.
No one here is saying that Ukraine march into Moscow to do so, they’re saying that Russia itself needs to seriously take overhaul its entire system to be non-hostile to Europe before it could trade with them again. Without any reforms to the Putin-style system, not only Russia would rearm for war, it would signal to other potential aggressors that democracies don’t have the backbone to seriously punish aggressors for their actions and the latter would encouraged to commit similar acts in the future.
Isolation works, and Russia needs to be isolated and turned into multiple countries and factions, all with ruined economies and completely unable to equip or maintain an army significant enough to be a threat for the next half a century or so. A few decades or internal instability and poverty will give them a taste of their own medicine and teach them why bombing people's infrastructure just cause they decided to align with the west and propping up dictators in civil war torn 3rd world countries is unacceptable.
B. Germany was NOT isolated after WWI! Stop saying isolation didn't work for Germany after wwi, if you keep saying that you're stupid. Germany was actually receiving major loans from American banks before and only stopped because of the great depression.
C. It was the opposite of isolation, actually it was called appeasement for a reason! The allies basically allowed the Nazis to build an illegal army in complete violation of the treaty of Versailles and even didn't do anything when he invaded Czechoslovakia, only declaring war when Hitler invaded Poland.
A. The main point of the treaty of Versailles was holding Germany responsible for WWI and forcing them to pay reparations, not completely isolating them.