It COULD end tomorrow, but that would require Putin to grow a sense of empathy, which he refuses to have, so presumably, Putin will insist that Ukrainian-controlled areas are Russian.
Ukraine can decide how and when this war ends, but other countries have more power with regards to Russia's future. What Russia's future looks like needs to be discussed now, but this isn't the time for absolutes. This may not be realistic at all, but there's at least a tiny chance Russians could overthrow Putin and try to look towards the West. How this war ultimately ends is still unknown.
The reality is that for people who suffer from either, it can look very much the same. There are no moral equivalencies, but the dead will remain dead no matter how or why it happened.
I'm not arguing for appeasement. The exact opposite of appeasement looks like North Korea, and I'm not arguing for this either. The original comment I'm responding to was.
Do you know where the term banana republic comes from, and the history of these places? This is not the time of place for this discussion, but the reality is every government is responsible for some evil. Some like Russia is very much intentional evil. The evil of other governments may come in the form of unintended consequences most of the time.
No matter how this war is resolved, it will lead to new challenges. To make your mind up now that all Russians deserve to suffer for many decades to come is very premature. To take such an absolute position without acknowledging the problems with it is also unwise. This is also unrealistic considering the rhetoric from almost all European and NATO countries. You don't have to like it, but countries such as India and China will also have a voice in Russia's long term future.
Part of Russia’s strategy here is projecting that the country is much more powerful than it really is. It’s using the basic Sun Tzu Art of War tactic of “Appear strong when you are weak.” This is of course something they did for the last twenty-odd years in regards to their military, for example. They propagated to many that their army was this invincible, unchallengeable force of elites, meanwhile it has grossly underperformed in this conflict and been something of a laughing stock, as well as provably a paper tiger. Russia is also falling back on the same old arrogantly assumed position that they like pretending Russia has that Russia is still the same global player it was 60 years ago. Meanwhile nowadays even before it got slapped with all the sanctions this year, Russia’s economy is smaller than Italy’s and Canada’s, both of which sit at the back of the G10.