I would like to say as someone that had a less pleasant experience getting my vasectomy a few months ago: your results may vary on pain and time. Mine was about 1.5 hours long and fairly painful even with lidocaine, so just know that it's absolutely worth it, but it's still a surgery and things can go wrong and pain can absolutely be a factor.
For what it's worth, I got a vasectomy a few weeks ago with general anesthetic, but it's still a way less invasive thing than tubal ligation or bisalp. Honestly, I had zero trouble getting home, spent the rest of the day with some cold peas on my nuts, and was pretty much a'ok. The next few days after that were mostly a matter of having some extra compression to keep things from moving, more cold as necessary, and taking it easy. Relatively little pain during the whole thing.
On some level, if vasagel were a real option and not perpetually 5 years away, I might prefer that, just as a hypothetical "maybe less damage and complication risk". But I'm also not really interested in having kids, so I just kinda bit the bullet and decided that I'd rather end the risk and quit worrying during sex with my gf.
When I was younger and dating I got two different people pregnant and I was extremely fortunate they were both on the same page as me and didn't want kids. Those experiences and the fear surrounding them shaped my sexuality for a long time. If I had gotten a vasectomy way back then, things may have been very different. I could have felt safer regarding sex which would likely have meant a more robust sex life. And that reason would have also been completely valid.
But I'd be lying if I said sex wasn't another huge reason I made the decision. It really was 50/50 - one for her, and one for me. Both for us. Just like you buy condoms to have more sex. It's really not all that different. She also got her tubes partially removed so we can both have the knowledge that we're free of those particular consequences together and individually. We made our decisions, in part, to have more sex, and it's worked wonderfully. A completely fair reason.
I'm going to have to disagree on this opinion. Everyone's reasons are valid. One of the reasons I did it is because my wife struggles with birth control. It messes up her hormones and her moods. It felt selfish for me to continue to ask that of her when both of us really don't want kids. It was an easy choice to make.