This is my thought as well. I don't think Walker is a popular candidate, and I think those that voted for him were largely just there to vote for Kemp, and couldn't stomach giving anyone but a Republican their vote for Senate.
If it is the difference between 50 and 51 Democratic Senators, I think Warnock wins by 5 or more because no Kemp on the card and the people willing to vote for Walker to ensure Republican control in the Senate but can't stand him won't go vote.
If those that voted Libertarian thought anything like 2016-me, there is nothing that'd motivate them to show up and vote for Walker in a run-off against Warnock, even if it means Dems retain the Senate (especially since the GOP basically already won the House).
Republicans like to imagine that the libertarians would default to Walker, but if they're motivated to show up and vote 3rd party in a close election, they're not going to bother voting at all with a runoff when the third party is not on the ballot.
I guess the question is how many Republicans are going to be motivated to show up to vote for the abortionist idiot without other Republicans on the ballot. The guys who voted libertarian had their chance to vote for Walker, doubt they're going to go out of their way to do it in the runoff.
There is always the risk though, that Walker seeming like such an unlikely win, makes Dem voters overly optimistic, and less driven to vote, and Walker wins due to low turn-out. Voters in Georgia need to remain vigilant and motivated.
I agree. Prior to 2016, I'd always voted nearly straight-R, then in 2016, I really really did not like Trump as a candidate, and because I live in IL, knowing Clinton should easily get the state, I voted Libertarian as sort of a protest vote. I'd contended though, if the race were at all close in my state I'd have voted for Clinton in a heartbeat, because while I didn't much care for her, I felt domestic policy would likely be similar-enough either way (how wrong I was), but that Trump would be an absolute embarrassment and a horror for our nation's foreign relations.