American fascism also requires everyone to be "Christian" (in quotes because many American Christians do the opposite of what Christ taught).
Name me a recent time someone in America used the concept of religious freedom, to create a more fascist law. Because all I see is people forcing other people to provide them services and ignoring religious freedoms, forcing people to get the vaccine, and ignoring religious exemptions, etc. Forcing Catholics to provide women with birth control, even though that goes against Catholicism and they could've worked for literally any other company, etc.
It's all fascism that is taking root across the county especially using religious freedom as the reason they are having to take control of our personal lives.
You all have fascist ideas in your head whether you like to admit it or not, because our will to protect ourselves is greater than our will to have the risk of not using any fascist ideology to run a nation state, community, or organization in this day and era.
You are right people hold fascist ideas but everyone all across the political spectrum engages in some form of fascist ideology, they just believe they are righteous as they engage in fascist activity so it's okay when they do it they will just say it's for the good of the public.
No the argument was they're not truly fascist and I never said everyone's fascist only that you all have some fascist ideas and engage in fascist activity whether you admit it or not it doesn't mean you're a fascist, the CCP is a pretty fascist acting government but they don't categorize themselves this way. There's nuance in politics I am not going to just accept I should demonize an entire percentage of US adults and label them all fascist because some people believe it's true.
Perhaps if you lived in America during the cold war where both communism and fascism were enemy 1 for the GOP you would understand the outrage about Russian/fascism 'meeting of minds' with the GOP in recent years.
What we are seeing now is right wing media/GOP celebration of racist/fascist Putin who is being used as an ideal figurehead to defend their demented world view. It is false equivalency on your part to deny this as something worth being extremely troubled about.