Hilariously California republicans, including Reagan, banned firearms in public as an Emergency Measure in response to a few openly armed black protesters peacefully and legally entering the capitol.
It is true that Reagan, working with a Democrat majority in the California legislature, passed a ban on open carry of firearms as a response to the black panthers. However, the majority of California gun control, such as the handgun registry, AWB, ammo restrictions, etc, were in the 90s and and 2000s. Not under Reagan in the 70s. I will also point out that it is a stupid response to people criticizing California gun laws to bring up a politician wh retired over 30 years ago and has been dead for almost 20.
The American polarization on guns didn't really exist until the 80s anyway. Before then gun control wasn't particularly pushed for, and gun rights weren't advocated for much either. It wasn't until the violence of the 70s and 80s that gun control became a bigger push, and the gun rights movement was awakened into the powerful force it is today.
Not that gun laws are not racist and classiest, but California really got enthusiastic about gun control when somebody took a shot at Reagan. Which kinda says a lot about the moorings of Republicans. A country of men, not of laws.
Among these permissible restrictions are those on sensitive places (but states may not play games by designating entire regions as sensitive, like Times Square), weapons which are unusually dangerous, gun owners who are felons or mentally defective, prohibitions against concealed weapons, and conditions on the conditions and requirements for commercial sales of arms.
You know, approximately 100% of neo-liberals would absolutely agree with the Mulford Act if they knew what it was. Good on Reagan, a man who knew excessive zeal for civil rights when he saw it, eh? Scary blacks with scary _loaded guns_ insisting on exercising their rights under the law. Threats are not free speech Except if you are a cop.