Well that's part of it. It didn't have to be this way just because of communism, but it happened this way specifically because of Stalin. Stalin ruled by fear and created this culture that became a staple of post-Stalin Russian culture.... shoot the messenger. If any bad news came up the chain the people reporting the bad news were severely punished.
To this the leadership of the Ukrainian SSR would send reports up the chain of great successes. Every single year they reported they had more surplus crops than they had. Which was fine in normal years because Ukraine produced more than enough crops for everyone. But they had one year where they didn't have a great harvest.... more than enough to feed everyone. But as usual, they inflated their numbers. And so the Russian leadership extracted everything they thought to be surplus.... which wasn't surplus at all. Pulling all that wheat out of Ukraine and causing people to starve.
Just to point out, millions of Russians died in the famines of 29/33. Also, even regions that were not even in the Soviet Union at all, like eastern Poland or Romania had a population decrease by almost 20% in some regions, which is also why Romania doesn't recognize the Holodomor as a genocide, they too had a famine that killed hundreds of thousands of people in the very same perior and none of the reasons were tied to Stalin.
I absolutely understand Ukrainians calling it a genocide, there's definitely elements of those policies that made it harsher in Ukraine, but to make it ethnically based it's a bit more controversial.
On Nato multiple times yes, the classic totally ignorant & bullshit arguments of "Stop prolonging the war & victims by providing weapons to Ukraine" & it's "Nato provocation that pushed russia to attack".
All of his statements either attacked NATO, blamed Zelenskyy & the Ukrainian government for being "equally guilty for the "conflict" & the suffering of the Ukrainian population", wrongly stated Ukrainians & russians as "two brothers divided by a complex issue" which couldn't be more wrong than that, etc.