Since it requires a Constitutional amendment approved by 66% of House and Senate, chances are slim but Democrats should add to their platform, their vision for future of US.
>Equal Protection as guaranteed by the 5th and 14th amendments require broadly that each person be treated equally in their voting power.
The Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution provides that no state shall "deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws." This clause does not explicitly guarantee the right to vote, but it has been interpreted by the Supreme Court to mean that all citizens must be treated equally when it comes to voting rights (unless voting rights have been lost under the due process clause of the 4th Amendment). Therefore, the Equal Protection Clause does not guarantee "one man, one vote," but it does guarantee that all citizens must be treated equally when it comes to voting rights. So states are free to decide for themselves how electors are chosen and people participate.
Non-enacting states would award their electors however they want. Continuing with district or statewide winner-take-all, or enacting some other law.
Because of district and state-by-state winner-take-all laws, not mentioned, much less endorsed, in the Constitution. . .
“ . . . the mechanics of the Electoral College allowed the defeated president to incite his followers into mounting the first attempt in U.S. history to seize the presidency by violence. Far from preventing them, the anti-majoritarian mechanisms of presidential elections were the crucial culprit in creating the “tumult and disorder” and the “heats and ferments” that so worried the authors of the Constitution.”- David Frum.
The question of recounts comes to mind in connection with presidential elections only because the current system creates artificial crises and unnecessary disputes.
The question of recounts comes to mind in connection with presidential elections only because the current system creates artificial crises and unnecessary disputes.
Issues of importance to 38+ non-battleground states have been of so little interest to presidential candidates that they don’t even bother to poll them individually.
Under a National Popular Vote system, candidates are going to be campaigning in all 50 states because how much you win or lose each state now becomes politically relevant to the outcome of the election.
In state polls of voters each with a second question that specifically emphasized that their state's electoral votes would be awarded to the winner of the national popular vote in all 50 states, not necessarily their state's winner, there was only a 4-8% decrease of support.
In state polls of voters each with a second question that specifically emphasized that their state's electoral votes would be awarded to the winner of the national popular vote in all 50 states, not necessarily their state's winner, there was only a 4-8% decrease of support.
Question 2: "Do you think it more important that a state's electoral votes be cast for the presidential candidate who receives the most popular votes in that state, or is it more important to guarantee that the candidate who receives the most popular votes in all 50 states becomes president?".
“. . . to this very day the former president, his allies and supporters pledge that in the presidential election of 2024 — if the former president or his anointed successor as the Republican Party presidential candidate were to lose that election — that they would attempt to overturn that 2024 election in the same way that they attempted to overturn the 2020 election.” – Judge Luttig.