This was the most deliberate sabotaging by Phil Knight too. He initially backed and heavily funded the Independent candidate (pulling away Democratic votes) before suddenly weeks before the election having a ‘change of heart’ and backing and heavily funding the Republican candidate. It’s so fucked that rich people can just do this. Voting Independent wouldn’t be a bad thing if Oregon and America had Ranked Choice Voting. Unfortunately we do yet, and therefore if you don’t vote Republican or Democrat currently, you’re increasing the odds of the worst and least-liked candidate winning.
YES, with Ranked Choice Voting people will be able to vote for whoever and everyone (ranked) they please without risking the least-liked-by-everyone candidate winning. With RCV, election outcomes would actually represent what everyone most agrees with - no more extremism or sworn party loyalty because with RCV we can constructively vote for whoever the heck we want. Our votes get the most mileage with RCV. All of this would immeasurably better our democracy.
Nike cofounder Phil Knight deliberately sought (and was successful) in splitting the Democrat vote in Oregon, by initially backing and heavily funding Independent Betsy Johnson before suddenly having a “change of heart” and switching teams backing and heavily funding Republican Christine Drazen. It was his plan all along to have the most split Democratic Party, paving the way for the impossible happening in Oregon - a Republican becoming Governor. Phil Knight actually got super close. Regardless of whether the candidate is Democrat or Republican - never should the least liked candidate be winning (what would’ve happened in Republican Christine Drazen won). Oregon and American needs Ranked Choice Voting ASAP.
Oregon and the country need Ranked Choice Voting badly. With RCV elections, results would best represent who and what everyone most agrees with. Gone would be ”spoiler candidates” as no matter what, who wins in Ranked Choice Voting elections is who everyone most agrees is best to represent them. Gone would be election outcomes where the least liked candidate wins (due to split votes). Your vote with RCV elections gets the most mileage- allowing your to constructively vote for everyone you want (ranked).
If billionaires are willing to spend so much to convince people to vote their way, you would think people would consider voting important. Nope, half stay home. Republican efforts to suppress voting is real.