Thanks for that. Very interesting history. I visited Estonia back in '97 or so. Flew to Finland and then took a Soviet-era turbo prop from Finland to Tallinn. I was impressed by how far they had come. They were modernizing very quickly. I was told, Finland helped Estonia a lot at the time because of a shared heritage, similar languages, etc.
Estonians also looked towards Finland as the country to emulate. Northern Estonia was able to see Finnish TV, so Finnish way of life and western TV shows like Dallas were a small ray of hope and idealism to strive towards back when communism seemed to be ever-lasting. Finnish TV and visits to Finland were also how Estonians knew that actually, Soviet Union was in decline because the TV showed how life was and people then saw the same in their society and in Finnish stores (unlike what was shown on Soviet TV and news and what they saw in real life).
Of course, there are some issues too - people from Sweden and Finland regularly look down on us too due to our history and due to the fact that unfortunately, there WERE many thieves and prostitutes who went to these countries so the stereotypes of “eastern European country that isn’t worth their spit” are slow to disappear (some Finnish and Swedish companies, for example, come here and do things they’d never be allowed to do back in Finland-Sweden purely because they think it’s okay to not treat their employees here to the same degree of respect as back at home), but these things are slowly disappearing and hopefully more and more people actually associate positive things with our countries rather than negative things.
Finnish politics towards Estonia has sometimes been so-so in the past (unfortunately, our diverging histories and different experience with USSR has coloured our views differently until recently - IMHO Finns were too naive towards Russia, even though outside of Eastern European countries that suffered under soviet influence and occupation, Finland is probably one country that mostly had little to no dreams about Russia) and that has caused issues between the two countries, but it cannot be denied that Finnish civil society and Finnish estophiles were of a huge help during occupation period and later in the 90s. Finnish cultural society organisations were used to help Estonia pre-restoration of independence, for example (Tuglas-seura is what comes to my mind).