The issue then is that some of the GOP folks might not vote for him as hes too controlled by the crazies. We might not have a new speaker of the house today.
First, he needs to become Speaker. He's trying to do whatever it takes to make that happen, even if that means making conflicting promises. That doesn't seem to be going too well for him, though.
He won’t. He’s threatening it now, but he KNOWS he will lose if he tries and his ego couldn’t take another loss. He’s hoping by threatening to run as a third party donors will flock to him and he’ll get the attention he needs to actually win the primary. Unless he actually gets on the trail though, he’s never gonna win. He announced a month and a half… who is his campaign manager? Despite announcing his candidacy, he’s not running as a Republican. He won’t run as a third party.
If he runs third party and loses, people will call him a twice loser. If he loses and talks shit about the winner of the primary who loses the general he will forever get to claim that he would have hypothetically won, and for the next 4 years there would be nonstop opinion pieces about how trump would have won and that the GOP screwed him. He would much rather hypothetically win the general election then lose as a third party candidate.
Or Jeffries can pick up a few liberal republicans with pet projects and shakey re-election chances (or who are deciding to not run in the future or who have a blue shifting seat) to vote for him.
I think it’s more likely he spends the entire general election saying the republicans stole it from him, and even if he doesn’t outright say it, he’ll cause 5-10% of GOP voters to stay home which is enough for a massacre of an election.
You know what… that’s fair. I’ve been disagreeing (respectfully I hope) with the people who have been commenting that he will run, but I was too focused on the ego and I wasn’t focused on the grift. You have genuinely convinced me he might run. He’s selling NFTs. He’s clearly willing to take an ego hit for a quick buck.