His argument is that Putin's biggest internal threat comes from those who could conceivably replace him. To do so, a political competitor would have to have credibility both within Russia and with the international community. By intentionally sabotaging his own credibility, Medvedev and others like him prove to Putin that they are not a threat; and thus avoid defenestration.
He's more trying to destroy his reputation in the West so that Putin doesn't see him as a threat. As the only living former president of Russia Medvedev is one of the more plausible potential replacements, and so is in danger of falling out a window. By acting like a swivel-eyed moron the possibility of him replacing Putin goes down, and so the window stays closed for today.
I don't think that's the opposite so much as aligned; for Putin to trust him he needs to have a worse reputation outside Russia. If he was well-regarded in the West then at best he'd need to be kept politically irrelevant, and at worst killed off. If he's hated in the West then he can be kept around as a courtier without being seen as a viable alternative (at least by factions who would want to normalise things with the West to end the sanctions).
It's kinda the opposite: he's cutting ties with the West to demonstrate that he can be trusted with doing a bit of governing still. Other than that, he has zero political relevancy and no one cares what he does. But Pu is not gonna live forever, need to think about that seat now.
Also btw, Pu and Medved know each other from 1990 at least, and Pu brought many of his Saint Petersburg friends to Moscow and into cushy positions.
Medved and Pu worked together in Saint Petersburg under Sobchak in 1990. Pu brought with himself from SPb to Moscow a whole bunch of people, putting them into cushy positions—plenty of them are still around him now, basically his most trusted people (that are known to the public). Medved's political output currently is that of a fart in the wind, and he's in the Kremlin only because he's still in this trusted circle—he's deputy chairman of the ‘Security Council’, which is the topmost gang right now, other than the oligarchs, siloviki/army and the whatever private ‘advisors’ Pu has. Medved wouldn't be there if Pu was in any way wary of him.