The appropriate reply from Biden should be that "I went to where I was wanted and needed. When Democrats proposed regulations they were always turned down by the GOP. And in fact it was Trump who eliminated the regulations that would have prevented this disaster. The person you and your neighbors voted for. So I am doing what you have asked and not involving myself in the mess that you helped create for yourself. When you wish to discuss proper safety regulations and pressure your leaders to talk to us about reasonable measures we will be happy to sit down and talk. But I am just following your wishes right now in that it was your decision to support politicans like Trump and the Republican party who didn't think these type of regulations were appropriate.".
Yes. Also the entire country is way too far right. These guys that bend over backwards to point out that politics is imperfect. So edgy to point out that Democrats can be bought, while completely ignoring that virtually all progress made in justice and standard of living (basically whatever metric you want to apply for quality of life) for the people of this country was due to democrats. All you have to do is have a cursory knowledge of history.
Capitalism sort of works, but it has to be very heavily regulated or it breaks down. And in the long run, it seems like we need to look for a better system that doesn't rely on ever increasing consumption to stay afloat. That consumption brought us climate change and Capitalism's seeming solution to that seems to be every single man, woman and child purchasing an electric vehicle. That somehow doesn't seem sustainable either (just my thous, this isn't a masters thesis, lol). We need a new mindset. Is it so ridiculous to want to push for better and more encompassing mass transit. Not to mention, that's but one area of climate change that needs to be addressed. And yet you have these dudes bitching "both side, both sides" I know which side has been the only one advocating for action to combat the problem. Most of the Republicans still don't believe it's real. And the other thing is, we all can't sit back and wait for either political party to save us. We are the solution. All you young people get involved in your party. Democrat for life.