All of those minority you mention above are part of iran for so many years , we have pharse in iran we called they've become iranize , iran isn't about just language or religion , it's a identity, I suggests you study Iranshahr or Irenshehr theory to help you out more.as you mention Kordish independent state it's because of so many years of government suppression that minority of kord peoples seek independence and again history proves that majority of them doesn't want to become separated.
If they wanted to be separated they had their opportunities, what do you mean 22 percent of iran are not iranain how is that a thing, and also entire Qajar dynasty were Azeri , Karim Khan zand was Lor ،Reza shah was mazani , current leader of iran is Azeri and they ruled all of Iran , I'm Azeri, I have kord friends , i have lor friends, i have arab friends and my entire family and childhood friends are Azeri and I see not a single on of them as separatists infact they love Iran in some degree.
When discussing Iran and Iranians we think only of Persians, but there are multiple Iranian ethnic groups or Nations living in Iran, unlike China it never facilitated ethno-genisis between its various subgroups. You have the Kurds, Lurs, Balochis and others that comprise of 25-30% of the population. Persians themselves are only 51% of the population and seeing as these figures are old and non-Persian regions have higher birthrates, its probably lower. The Kurds and Balochis both have active cross border insurgencies with the expressed goal of secession and the formation of a Kurdish and Balochi nation states. Iranian civilisation is old, the Iranian state through the various Iranian empires are old; and even Iranian nationalism is old(it even appeared in Sassanid propaganda). What is not old is the Iranian nation state itself. The matter of fact is Iranians haven’t experienced ethno-genesis in the same way say China has, banding together its various linguistic subgroups. The Iranian nation better resembles if anything the Russian Nation. The concept of Russia as a state was to be the nation state of the Russians, the East Slavic ethnic groups that inhabited the lands of the Kievan Rus. However, multiple subgroups, the Ukrainians especially held a strong attachment to their individual sub-identities, leading to the lack of ethno-genesis and the maintenance of multiple subnations(in this case its Russians, Ukrainians, Belarusians and Rusyns) rather than one unified Nation. The Kurds and Persians may be Iranian, but they don’t necessarily care for the commonality between eachother. So while Iranian nationalism is old, ethno Genesis has simply not yet occurred between its subgroups.
Yes and no, the vast majority currently oppose the current government and would most likely support secular reforms. HOWEVER an even larger majority of like 4/5 do not like America and supported the late General Soleimani. Meaning that even if they did overthrow the current government, it would still hate America and it would still have an IRGC equivalent doing its thing in the Middle East because those aspects have overwhelming support.
The Ayatollah and regime would like to distract the unhappy masses protesting about the innocent killings of citizens by reminding them how much they hate America.