His entire cabinet was made up of his daddy's and Great papa Reagan's best good warmongering red meat eating military industrial complex subscribing just a step below blatantly racist friends. George W was told to have Cheney spearhead his search for his V P and then Cheney came back and said " know who would be a great VP lil Georgie?? Well...Me, Uncle Dickard Won't that be a hoot??? Oh what a time we'll have Georgie. And dont you worry I got some good buddies all ready to pitch in too!".
But that’s not even the point. I’m talking about policy. Sorry that you don’t see policy and excuse it by using buzzwords like corporate democrats. How can YOU say that with a straight face.
You can say that with a straight face? With all of the corporate democrats that are millionaires, in some cases one hundred times over and have gotten that level of wealth while being in government? How does that differ from an oligarch in Russia or a corrupt energy executive in Nigeria?
Sure right now defend Nancy Pelosi and her husbands insider trading. How do you square that one up. Just let it rest. You think it’s fine and your side’s just great and the other side is pure evil. Just like the other side. See the thing is all of the elected officials know it’s a ruse and you’re the exact type of person that they count on not to pay attention. I could post 100 offenses that the right does and you’d be yeah see they are awful. I could show the exact same offenses on the left and you’d make an excuse how they aren’t so bad. Keep it up and maybe we will be $60 trillion in debt vs the $33 trillion we are today. If you lived in the movie the Matrix you’d probably choose to take the pill or to know the truth. It’s okay it’s probably good for you so that you can think you support the “right” side of things. You probably also say you support diversity as long as people agree with you. It’s okay you’re like most of the folks in the country.
You’re hilarious, my sides fine for doing it. Both sides hire tax and legal specialists to limit their taxes. That you think otherwise is so precious. Aren’t you cute!