My entire adult life I have watched democrats dig us out of the shit with economic policies that I now understand and are actually quite intuitive and then republicans take of and just absolutely fuck everything up.
Since I’m 55, the last 40 years are the only ones I was old enough to really understand politics enough to see how consistently republicans are bad for the economy.
It didn’t. It took Biden some time to fix the absolute clusterfuck that Trump created. The economy doesn’t change overnight. Anything economic at the beginning of the presidency is always related to the former president not the current one. Presidents always get far too much credit or blame for the economy very little of which is under their control, but the extent to which a president can be created or blamed. The first at least year of a president’s term is the former president deserves the credit or blame. Only after the new president has some time for the economy to react to their new policies can the current president deserve any credit or blame for what’s going on economically. A year is the absolute minimum that a new president can have any responsibility for economic conditions. With as fucked up as things were when Biden took office, it would be ludicrous to give him credit or blame for anything economically until at least 2022, and he’d acted long before then, but policies take time to change things for the better or worse. Truthfully the pandemic deserves the most blame for economic conditions in 2021. But to the extent that any president deserves blame for them, that president is trump, not Biden. The same applies to the first year minimum of trumps presidency. To the extent a president can effect the economy, the good economy at the beginning of trumps presidency was the work of Obama not trump. The only thing trump deserves credit for is that it took a pandemic to fuck up what Obama helped credit, again with the caveat that most of the economic conditions are not within a president’s control.
Of course you can’t dispute the truth about the economy so you change the subject instead. Common right wing tactic. When the facts don’t support you on the topic in question, you don’t admit that you were wrong, you change the topic to something else. If I were to dispute your version of Obamas warmongering, you’d simply change the subject again.