Why would Democrats focus on topics that could help literally millions of people across the country, when instead they can use all their political will to helping dozens, literally dozens of people??
Well no duh. But laws already exist. They could at least try to enforce those. There's even a big one that says "No state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States".
Edit: It's almost like laws already exist that say "No state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any state deprive any person of life, liberty, or property". The DOJ could try to enforce that.
Protected classes provide additional protection against discrimination or harassment. Gender and sexual identity were determined to be included in the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in Bostock (2020).
Up through the first half of the 20th century neither the law, medical science, nor social attitudes made any meaningful distinction between gay and trans people. People who would now be considered either gay or trans were all considered - people believed to have an inborn reversal of "natural" gender traits. A woman who desired other women was considered to be "sexually male", a man who desired other men was considered "sexually female", while bisexuals were called "psychosexual hermaphrodites".
A person who was born male, happy as such, and conventionally "masculine" in all respects except for his desire for other men, and a person who was born male but identified and lived exclusively as a woman, were considered variations of the same "inversion." The former was seen as "inverted" solely in his sexual desires, while the latter was seen as "inverted" in all aspects of her personality.
They see our existence as inherently sexual, and our clothing and gender presentation as the expression of a perverse fetish. If we are anywhere in public where a child might possibly see us, even if it's standing in line at the 7-11, they are claiming that this is pedophilic grooming through forcibly exposing children to degenerate sexual activity.
I mean what we actually have going on here is that the perversion are these crazed christo-sexuals who think about sex constantly and insist on forcing their sexual thoughts into all interactions with others, including children.