Reddit is anti-war. It's just that, when one is forced to participate in a war, you can't just do nothing and say "no". By doing that you are basically giving up your self-respect and dignity. You have to fight back and beat the warmonger in his own game.
- We'll only de-escalate when Ukraine gets back all its internationally-recognised territories and Russia withdraws all its troops from these territories (internationally-recognised means most countries around the world recognise/don't dispute it).
- Nobody wants nuclear war. That's why NATO troops won't be deployed in Ukraine, because NATO troops in Ukraine will make NATO a participant of the war (there's currently only 2 participants in the war: Russia and Ukraine. I won't even count Belarus as it hasn't send any troops in, even though Russia uses its territory as a staging ground). Stop pushing the idea that we are speedrunning to nuclear war because everyone is doing all they can to prevent it.
If a country has a much larger army with a nuclear arsenal, you pretty much have no choice but to negotiate with them. Unless you suggest they do what Afghanistan did to the US and prolong the war for 20 years hoping that your enemy will eventually become occupied with something else and leave. In Ukraine's case, the problem with doing the latter (aside from the population living through 2 decades of warfare) is NATO literally cannot fund the war and backstop Ukraine's economy for the next 20 years. The only option is for them to negotiate some kind of peace deal with Russia (whether that means give Crimea up in exchange for Donetsk / Luhansk, I don't know).
Entering into peace talks sooner than later could lower the chances of NATO getting involved, lessen the amount of casualties Ukraine needs to endure, and minimize the territory Russia has yet to gain.
So do you support sending longer range weapons to Ukraine now so they can take back territory, end the war sooner, and have a stronger position at the negotiating table?
If russia's peace conditions are that they get to steal territory with the use of force do you really think they will stop invading neighbors?
But there’s no chance that Russia is going to escalate against NATO countries if they can’t subdue Ukraine still after 1 year. That would be suicidal for the Russian regime.
You absolutely have a side in this Russian war. You’re on Russia’s side. You’re advocating freezing the conflict against back to where it was when Russia launched the full scale invasion last February. Ukraine has already taken back 50% of what Russia has taken since February with barely any Western weapons systems. If they can get long range missiles, more artillery, armor/Western MBTs, and fighter jets in that order they can win outright or have a very strong negotiating position to end this war sooner.