But short of population attacks (which really are only useful on tier 1 cities) you don’t just fan them out and pepper one spot with them. They’re individually targeted allowing you to hit multiple targets in a relatively close (couple hundred mile) vicinity. So for instance, they’d probably chuck a few at the naval stations for some redundancy, same for Camp Pendleton, 29 palms, the airport, shipping port etc. my local Target is likely not a target.
Gotcha, I was out on the other side of Philly. For sure, and the WWII bombs were much dirtier in fallout, to a terrifying degree, and radiation decontamination wasn’t a thing we understood at all. Now if you throw an N95 on, get the fuck out, and take a shower… if you aren’t dead in a few days you’ll probably live an almost full life (with increased cancer risk but minimal other effects).
Most modern nukes (1970s tech and newer) also have an incredibly localized deadly fallout zone, which makes sense because fallout means you had an inefficient detonation.
Nukes have trended towards multiple warheads air bursting over a large radius for a wider area of destruction instead of dropping one warhead with a high yield.
Nukes have trended towards lower fallout and lower dispersion in favor of more complete destruction of the impact center. It makes sense, you want to make sure the bunker at ground zero is gone, you don’t care about the forest 10 miles away. You want to take out the city center, the suburbs aren’t a priority.
This also doesn’t take topography into effect. A large part of the blast damage is due to the shockwave generated by the detonation hitting the ground and shooting out the sides (indirect blast wave), even small mountains/large hills provide an incredible shadow.
It’s worth remembering, these are individual blasts, they don’t combine into one megablast, and the largest MIRV warhead I can find (US W88) has a true destructive radius of 2km with only light damage after that (downed trees, damaged roofs and broken windows).
And if you don't light up like a Roman candle, the blast wave overpressure within a second or two is going to shred your limbs from your body with flying debris or turn you into a crash test dummy at 100 miles an hour slamming you into any still stationary surface including the ground. Yay.