Export Abrams have already ended up all over the place (largely because the Saudis are as bad at combined arms as the Russians). The export models never have the good stuff for this reason.
They're not export models. The US is really stingy about the classified armor used in every modern domestic Abrams tanks and won't include that in any that are sold abroad. Doesn't seem like they want to make an exception here.
The Abrams are being produced from the factory. The DoD hasn't said it directly and has danced around why it's having them produced instead of sending them from existing stocks, but a lot of speculation seems to presume that they'll be produced without the classified DU-incorporating armor that is used on American tanks but not exported ones. They don't seem to be willing to make an exception here. That armor has been used on all but the oldest Abrams tanks in inventory, and so I'm just speculating personally here, but they likely considered the production of new model tanks more worthwhile than refitting older ones since both would involve time at the factory.
The US tanks are insanely over-engineered and require a constant logistics chain of replacement parts that can only come from the US, and I believe contain special armor the composition of which is considered secret and so the US doesn't want to see them ever fall into enemy hands if defeated in combat.
Ukraine won't be able to use US tanks for a long time. But Germany insisted the US send these tanks as a precondition for them sending Leopards, so that Germany wouldn't be seen as unilaterally "escalating" anything by being the only country to send tanks to Ukraine.
Honestly we(US) should have traded Germany Abrams for leopards, and given Ukraine more of those leo's, as it would be quicker and we would be bolstering NATO units already in Germany who already know how to use the ab's, and if Germany would have to wait for the tanks it would be next to a no issue.
Not on a NATO stand point, sending over leo's and getting ab's in the nato force is almost erelvent, what germany wants to do for germany by all well, but there is no invasion of germany that wont have nato, their tank are good sure, but they no longer live in a vacuum of where other things dont come into play.