The Russians want to eradicate this smaller Ukraine, but it manages to hold on. The smaller nearer Russia gets conquered after it failed to invade, and so it sends suicide bombers to the smaller Ukraine every five years or so, in waves.
That's basically Israel, extremely simplified, and most likely a wrong analogy, but you get the jist.
1- A lot of "Middle Easterners' have the mindset of Jews = Israelis (my point here is they don't know the difference.).
While a lot of Middle Eastern have the mindset of Jews = Israeli, majority of educated Arabs that I met and within my family just despise Israel as a State and government not Jews.
If your Israeli and in an Arab country u shouldn’t admit it you can say your Jewish and they are still very hospitable and nice the anti semetismnis pretty common tho but not as common as just despising israel and Zionism in general.
And Majority of Egyptian are educated in the sense that they graduated from college, I have Syrian, Palestinian Saudis within my family members and friends and majority of them wouldn't say anything about Jews but Zionism and Israel as state.
I cannot speak in behalf of all Arabs about how they currently feel about Jews of course but as you mentioned, we expect people that are educated to lean toward secularism than conservatism and the issue here is not Arabs, Muslim, Berbers whatever but ERA of colonialism and divide and conquer that's done by the west in the middle east, leading to the improper placement of an illegitimate governments all across the ME (including Israel) I don't even have issues with Israel (this is where a lot of my Arab friend would disagree with me) but I have an issue with it being a Jewish STATE and what it is doing to Palestinians.
And if you wish to bring something to the table, maybe to fight the antisemitism among Arabs then why not focus focal point (Education) which you seem to agree with rather than Arabs as race(leading to racism) or Muslims as religion(leading to Islamophobia) being the reason.
It is fair if he is speaking about Arabs and Muslims as whole, he didn't specify Iraqis if that was the case I would've not commented instead he said "Reality is most Arabs" which is unfair categorization.
I didn't invalidate his experience as an Iraqi, I can see a lot of Iraqi feeling hate toward the west and falling for the usual conservative conspiracies that "Jews are behind it all".
Not everyone there is anti semetic but the vast majority are galvanized against Israel bc Palestinians are seen as Arabs and Israelis are “killing our brothers” .
We don't hate Jews we hate Israel= proceeds to ethnically cleanese all Jews from Arab countries and giving legitimation to Israels existence as a safe haven for Jews.
2- Majority of educated Arabs have issues with Israel as a state, not Jews. Explain to me how that is misinformation and what kind of harm does it do.