Modern planes and tanks may take months to train, but this war is already almost a year old and there arent a shit ton of old soviet stockpiles to refurbish and modify. If there arent enough of those older units available to truly make a difference, wouldnt beginning to train Ukranians, YESTERDAY, be the common-sense solution to bringing this war to a more timely end?
The issue that we’re seeing is an unsustainable attrition rate (on both sides) where defense is possible but offense is not sustainable. Now that Russia has given up on a real offensive push and is simply entrenching and reinforcing, Ukraine needs a hell of a lot more weapons and at a significantly higher pace than what NATO/EU/USA are providing.
While they do need more equipment and will continue to, there actual military capacity is several times that of Ukraine at the start of the war. They’ve managed to not give up the air due to western anti air weapons, they’ve pushed Russia to break out T-62s and some older tanks, Russians are being equipped with Mosin-nagants, Russia is the one truly struggling equipment wise.
Giving them tanks requires a complete retraining of crews to a new system and requires much stronger logistics as now you need all different parts, fuel, ammo, etc. it’s not realistic to do this in the middle of a war, however post war assuming they win we could do it. This is part of why Poland is modernizing, they’re going to send their old Soviet tanks to Ukraine.
I would assume right now the plan is send them the couple hundred Soviet tanks (and polish upgrade models of said tanks) to Ukraine and when it’s all over start modernizing them. You have to remember Ukraine has captured more Russian tanks than what they’ve lost (lost:430, captured: 530), some of which are modern T-90 varients.
230 Soviet-era tanks from Poland is not "countless", and is also not any kind of game-changer considering Russia can field the same tanks in greater numbers. Ukraine even already had about 7 times more than that before the war.