Canada is not the only country cracking down. U.S. President Joe Biden's recently passed Inflation Reduction Act also included a tax on stock buybacks. The U.S. tax will be levied at one per cent starting next year — a concession from the two per cent Congressional Democrats initially wanted.
Buybacks do nothing to improve or expand a company's underlying business, but they have the effect of driving up share prices and improving various profitability metrics by reducing the amount of shares in the company. Investors tend to welcome them for those benefits, but in recent years the sheer volume of stock buybacks has started to raise concerns.
Stock buy backs buy the stock back from willing sellers (who have capital gains taxes to pay), everyone else just sees their portfolio increase.
Also execs at the companies getting paid in stock can increase their own income by increasing the price on stock they will be compensated with in the future.
They functionally serve the same purpose, the only difference is that with buybacks the value to shareholders comes from a higher stock price while the dividend is paid out directly to them. Some companies prefer dividends because they provide an incentive for investors to continue holding the stock, others prefer buybacks because it allows the investor to choose when to monetize / generate cash by selling as opposed to having mandatory cash distributions every quarter. Also, if companies pay a dividend they generally try to maintaining it quarter after quarter with some consistency. Reducing your dividend is seen as a very negative move by investors, so companies generally try to be conservative about how much they pay in dividends. Buybacks can be done at the company’s discretion an on an irregular schedule, so even for dividend paying companies it is an effective tool for returning excess cash to shareholders especially if you have a one-time windfall or period of strong performance which generates cash but which you don’t feel merits increasing your dividend.