Hey everyone! My name is Andrey Pertsev and I’m a Russian journalist with Meduza. My work also appears in Carnegie Russia and Riddle. I’m best known for having sources throughout the Russian government, and understanding the political machinations of the Russian Federation. I’m from Arkhangelsk, but I’ve been to a majority of Russia’s regions and know their political structures well.
There are two points of view - according to one (and it seems to be confirmed by official sociological surveys) Russians support the war and Putin. According to the other, the majority of citizens do not support the war, but are afraid to answer honestly to pro-government sociologists. The truth is out there. Most likely, the share of support for the war is much lower than official sociological data - people are really afraid to speak honestly, there are criminal penalties for “discrediting the army” in Russia. According to the indirect results of independent researchers who do not ask directly, we can judge that support for the war specifically is not so high - people are tired of the news about the war, they would like peace negotiations (especially if Putin initiated them). Young Russians, as a rule, are against the war. There is an apathetic part of society, which continues to live as if nothing has happened - the war disturbs it. They don’t want to go to the front - according to polls, the level of anxiety in Russian society exceeds the level of calm. Moreover, anxiety arises at moments when new rumors of mobilization arise. Finally, there is indeed a large segment of society that supports the war: these are people who watch television and consider themselves supporters of the authorities. But again, in this group we can identify another subgroup - Russians who seriously think that this is a “special operation” and that the Russian army is fighting the Nazis. They are victims of propaganda. Thus, Russian society is very heterogeneous in its support for the war, although it should not be downplayed.
Amongst Russians who don’t support Putin and his invasion of Ukraine, what has been their view toward NATO prior to this decade? Did they feel that NATO was trying to antagonize Russia, support the US military industrial complex, etc.? Did they have no opinion? Did they believe NATO was a force for good?