He brought this on himself. One vote motion to vacate is the dumbest thing he could have agreed to. Since he did that he’s now opened the door to even worse demands. Hell everyone should come with their wishlist now because McCarthy literally is willing to sell anything to get the gavel.
The only way this makes any sense, and it has never come to a vote to be tried, is if McCarthy thinks the Dems would vote to keep him as soon as it was called. A majority vote would be required to remove him so he’d have to rely on having at least 5 Rs from the 20 voting against vote for him to remain. Or Dems.
Which if you’re asking for the 1 vote threshold is what you want. Because then you can howl that he’s in cahoots with the Dems so long as the 20 vote against.
Give them 1 more vote, anyone who votes against is out, then work with the Dems to appoint a centrist speaker.
Your saying that they will spend "2 years doing nothing" has nothing to do with this speaker vote. Whether or not they vote in the way you described has nothing to do with the validity of the idea of removing earmarks or imposing term limits. Imposing term limits is another often spoken solution to reducing stagnancy in Congress.
"putting more restrictions in place from members earmarking spending on unrelated bills for their own projects, or committing to bringing a bill to the floor to impose term limits".
"Republicans have also been struggling with their internal psychodrama over earmarks (specific projects requested by individual members of Congress and included in a larger spending bill). They have typically proven quite handy for congressional leaders trying to line up votes on, say, various appropriations bills. But some of the projects have seemed absurd, unnecessary, or corrupt, and the last time the GOP took the House from Democrats, in 2011, they banned earmarks, after endlessly decrying them in the midterms campaign.
Firstly it ignores the fact that there are already term limits: they are called elections and occur every two years in the House.