Don't forget the illegally conscripted Ukrainians in occupied Russia being forced to fight and die against their countrymen (mostly die because Russia uses them as cannon fodder), cause what Russian dictator doesn't love a good old war crime!
BTW, the war against Ukraine was always justified with Ukraine "historically" belonging to Russia, so it's not like the ideology is completely ahistorical in the sense that it doesn't reference former glory. Even the Soviet Union is still somewhat of an implicit rallying point, though rather in the subtext, it's no coincidence, that Russians brought a whole bunch of red flags to Ukraine.
Russia and Russian nationalists has also been pretty upset about the "loss" of Crimea ever since the collapse of the USSR. They haven't been able to shut up about it ever - it's why you hear all these things about how "Crimea was really a symbolic gift to Ukraine, it was really Russian" or other bullshit talking points. "Retaking" Crimea was a big win domestically for Putin and is part of his actions to "fix" the wrongs that he sees various Soviet leaders as having committed.
All of this is speculation of course, but I think being Ukrainian and reading/listening to what Putin and Russian nationalists have publicly said, both now and throughout history, gives some insight. This struggle for independence and preservation of Ukrainian identity/culture has been going on for centuries now.
Kyiv is this ideological gem to him, the heart of the historical nation that East Slavs all associate as their ancestral nation and where Eastern Orthodox is born. It is "reuniting" a kingdom, with Belarus being the third component (part of why Lukashenka plays this balancing act to both enrich himself and ensure that Putin doesn't have enough power and influence to annex the nation). If he is concerned about his mortality and the legacy he will leave in history, being the one to "reunite" Ukraine with Russia would - from a Russian nationalistic perspective - put him up their with the greats.