I don’t think it was ever seriously the plan. The basis of communism is that a global revolution to destroy capitalism was coming so the west correctly saw the Soviet Union and Communist China as an extensional threat and the Soviet Union knew that the west saw them in that light and so the west was an extensional threat to them as well. Remember when WWII broke out the Soviet Union armed the Nazis and provided them with crucial raw materials because they wanted to see the capitalist nations completely destroy each other. Meanwhile the western allies absolutely did not trust Stalin or the Soviet Union even briefly considered turning on them at the end of the conflict. The western allies and the Soviet Union were never really close allies but rather united by a shared must win war.
Anyways the reason the 'west' is so united and peaceful is because they have common enemies in Russia/china. There are already tensions in the EU, with the UK leaving. Plenty of people argue that the reason the US invested so much into the war on terror (besides the oil resources in the middle east), was to have another scary enemy to distract people and an excuse to further fund the military industrial complex.
Do you think the US only invests in its military because of China and Russia? It invests in its military because it's projected power allows it favorable influence around the globe. Even if Russia and China were to disappear right after WW2, the US would continue to pour vast amounts of money into its military.
Not to mention a significant part of Soviet logistics were handled by America so you would be going to war with the person who kept your own war machine running.
Boots, trucks, troop transports, a ton of essentials that allowed the Soviets to focus on weapon production as they'd lost some of their industry from the initial push. Would the Soviets have been able to fight without American supplies? Possibly but they would've lost a lot more territory and been a lot less effective when it came time to take it back. Or they might have cracked but the issue at that point becomes the Germans own logistics problems which makes the Soviets eventually victory still very possible though by no means guaranteed.