Johnson got elected to a new term after taking over for JFK post-assassination then didn’t run for re-election. Prior to that, Truman had two nearly full terms after FDR died. FDR was in his fourth term when he died.
It was weird phrasing to say no Democrats lost re-election during incumbency since Carter when there were only two opportunities to have done so.
If you can't change enough Democrats and independence and moderates' thinking on that in the next year, then any candidate who is not Biden will lose.
- Are you saying you believe that Biden is the best candidate Democrats have to offer in their ranks and lack anyone who could do better? That Biden is the absolute top-tier candidate Democrats could muster?
Saying as someone who voted for Biden, Democrats won in spite of Biden, not because of him. If I was a Republican I'd be salivating at Biden running again with his 39% approval among independents and only 85% among Democrats.
The other part of that is, the remaining fact that Biden did better against poo poo than any other known democratic candidate.
Yes, Biden won because Biden is better than poopoo—essentially the worst Presidential incumbent in the history of our nation. That is not a high bar to clear. If the bar is in the ground (Trump) and Biden is on the ground, it doesn't take very much to get above that. . Now tell me, what happens if it's not Trump again in 2024? What happens when there's a 36-year age gap between DeSantis and Biden? How do you think that will be perceived by the electorate? We know how it will be perceived because we got a glimpse of that in Obama vs. McCain in favor of Democrats.
The answer, whether you like it or not, is because the democrats just had a pretty good midterm under Biden's leadership. That's basically the answer.
That's my take on it. We'll find out in about 2 years. If you end up wrong, as I expect, maybe consider that incremental progress through seeming centrists is better than taking wild risks that leave the White House open to crazy morons.
Putting aside the person with the best chance to win, when the GOP is in the grip of deadly morons, is not a worthwhile risk.