When I was 16 and the '90s I had to answer a bunch of psychological questions to work at my local big grocery in St. Louis.
And with that license you should have to see a psychologist a couple times a year to make sure a person is mentally stable to own a firearm like a 2-hour test or just a 2-hour talk. And also mandatory firearm safety class before you own one, and also proper maintenance because a broken or not properly maintained firearm is a dangerous firearm too.
- Pistols that have extra grips, threaded barrels, the ability to accept a magazine outside of the pistol grip.
a buffer tube, arm brace, or other part that protrudes horizontally behind the pistol grip and is designed or redesigned to allow or facilitate a firearm to be fired from the shoulder.
A semiautomatic rifle that has a fixed magazine with the capacity to accept more than 10 rounds, except for an attached tubular device designed to accept, and capable of operating only with, .22 caliber rimfire ammunition.
A semiautomatic rifle that has the capacity to accept a detachable magazine or that may be readily modified to accept a detachable magazine, if the firearm has one or more of the following:
A semiautomatic pistol that has the capacity to accept a detachable magazine or that may be readily modified to accept a detachable magazine, if the firearm has one or more of the following:
- All semiautomatic rifles with a detachable magazine that have ANY of the following 'assault weapon' features (even just one): a pistol grip, any protruding grip, a folding/telescoping/detachable stock, a flash hider, 'a shroud attached the the barrel that encircles the barrel, allowing the bearer to hold the firearm with the non-trigger hand without being burned' (lol)...
I am guessing this law will get stuck down since it basically says ANY semiautomatic rifle is banned from being sold and all existing ones have to be registered since there is the part about "a shroud attached to the barrel or that partially or completely encircles the barrel, allowing the bearer to hold the firearm with the non-trigger hand without being burned, but excluding a slide that encloses the barrel". That language basically says forend...like the kind found on basically ANY rifle.
It literally defines most rifles as "Assault Weapons." Even posessing many accessories and a rifle/pistol that they can attach to also counts. That includes any undermounted flashlight!