And, personally, China is one of those countries I would never even set foot in, not even as a tourist.
I’m a Canadian who lived in Guangzhou. Hong Kong was my escape. It’s too bad what happened to it, it was such an incredible place to visit. While living in China, I made some friends and it surprised me how little they knew as a result of censorship. I had a VPN and suggested my friends do the same, but they refused because they trusted that the government knew what was best for them. I knew what I was getting into when choosing to live in China, but I was blown away by seeing people actively believe exactly what their government wanted them to.
China is a one-citizenship country and when it came time for me to decide, I chose Canadian citizenship without hesitation, as I knew that I would never again go to China and live there.
There was a substantial drop-off of births in China in the past few decades. The number of young people in their teens and twenties is much fewer in 2022 than 1989. This means the (economic) cost to China is much higher now than it was 33 years ago should it use tanks and fully automatic machine guns to mass-murder tens of thousands of (predominantly young) people. Are they willing to permanently collapse their economy and potentially their society just to hold onto power that will be irrelevant? But on the other hand, if they do what the people tell them to do, that emboldens the people to do more, which would eventually result in the collapse of the Party. They are literally between a rock and a hard place. As you say, time will tell.
Here is the thing, in basic economics, as the quantity of something decreases, the more valuable that thing becomes.
Then, our family immigrated to Canada. All of a sudden, I was free to search whatever topic I like, without restriction. I looked up what this 6/4 incident is, watched the TVB broadcasts at the time ( and ). I was absolutely horrified to know that the country I once called home was such a brutal place, where its leaders would stop at nothing to preserve their power. In my Grade 9 English class, our teacher asked me to choose from a list of books to read and make a presentation on, and I stumbled upon this book that talks about 6/4. I chose that book, and dove as deeply as possible into the causes. I even included footage from these TVB clips when I made that presentation (I put some English subtitles on the clips of course).