Yeah, something light enough to float on a ballon, with that much size visible, has very little capacity for a lead container to hide nuclear materials from easy detection….
So, going by Greene's "theory," the military should have shot a balloon with a possibly nuclear/radioactive payload down right over a populated area? Or over farmland? I'm sure some farmers would have loved being told "you can't grow anything on this land for the next few hundred years due to the radiation from the thing we shot down when Greene wanted us to.".
Well put. The remedy is obvious. It wont be easy to achieve, but, we, the public, need a legal mechanism to remove a public servant from office. Politicians cant police themselves, they form up along lines of corrupt mutual interest. Kind of the same way cops wont rat out or pressure co-wokers. If they make the attempt and fail, then they are stuck worki g with someone who has it out for them.
I agree, I try to use a generous perspective when posting about this kind of stuff, but she and Boebert and Trump all are proudly deliberately and willfully ignorant, facts dont matter, whatever i choose to believe is true and performative rage is the daily swill for their followers.
The word racist makes people think of lynch mobs and so on. So almost no one is going to admit to being that kind of racist.
When a friend of mine said that being uncomfortable around black folks was racist, it blew my mind. I sometimes felt uncomfortable around black people. Like an interloper or some kind of jerk, just for being there. Figuring out how we can all grow and support each other is good. Here i mean specifically white people admitting and accepting our full spectrum of racism and getting our s---t together, not trying to make it anyone elses problem.
If the first step to fixing a problem is admitting that you have a problem having a word that lets us admit we have a problem without identifying as lynch mob types, the way the word racist clearly connotes,, would be pretty helpful. I know not everyone is going to agree with this idea.
I fully understand where you are coming from. I am also from the south and it is disheartening that my loved ones refuse to research their opinions. They are spoon fed from Fox and refuse any rationale outside of the propaganda they fill themselves with.