In fact, it would likely prevent people from dressing in certain period appropriate outfits just because said outfits are seen by today's society as "belonging to the opposite gender." At one point in history, tights and high heels were seen as garments for men. If a man walked out in those today, they'd be said to be wearing "women's clothing." So if I, a man, were to wear that to a gathering of people dressed in period costumes and a few of us danced to music (period appropriate, of course), would that count as a drag show? It looks like it would even though it's obviously not.
Remember that the right pushed for 50 years to repeal Roe before they succeeded. They're willing to make incremental steps over the next 50 years if it means that they can dial LGBTQ rights back 100 years.
It's also used to rally their base to get more extreme right politicians in office and more extreme right judges in place. Once they get enough extreme right judges in the right places, the courts will suddenly decide that people don't have a right to be LGBTQ and that politicians can definitely persecute them as much as they like.
And some justices have already shown a willingness to declare LGBTQ folks don't have a right to exist. Clarence Thomas did as much when he called out Lawrence V. Texas as a case his wishes overturned.
So they're aren't just going after drag. They're going after any and all trans performers. That's what they're emphasis on gender assigned at birth does. And like, how are they going to possibly regulate that. Are people expected to keep their birth certificates on them at all times? What about people who've had them changed? I wouldn't be surprised if the people behind enforcing this mistakenly enforce bans against cis men and women who look slightly gender non-conforming, mistaking them as trans.
The way it's worded also directly impacts anyone who's transgender or simply gender non-conforming, from making any sort of appearance late at night, or before noon on Sundays. I'm certain that's intended.