Two Trump appointees to the Board of Governors were termed out on December 8th, and will be replaced by the Senate in the next session. Those new appointments will give Biden a solid majority on the board.
Biden didn't appoint any pro-DeJoy people. The BOG is comprised of 11 people, including Postmaster General DeJoy, the Deputy Postmaster General, and 9 presidential appointees, no more than 5 of whom can belong to the same political party. Biden has appointed 5 governors so far, and with the terming out of Moak and Zollars on December 8th, Biden will be able to appoint 2 more Democrats of his choosing to the Board in the new Senate term, at which point his appointees will have a majority vote.
As of earlier this year, Board of Governors members are composed of a majority of Biden nominees who could have voted DeJoy out at any time if they opposed him. That they haven't proves Biden nominated at least one DeJoy supporter to keep him there. Yes Biden was required to appoint a Republican, but it's just not a credible argument not a single qualified Republican in the country was opposed to DeJoy.
Your argument amounts to a claim that there's no Republican in the entire country who's qualified and would support removing DeJoy. That's just not a credible argument.
He appointed, at a minimum, 1 pro-DeJoy person. While I understand he was required to appoint a Republican, you can't make a good faith claim there's not a single qualified Republican in the country who would support removing DeJoy.
He didn't need to fire any governor. He just needed to nominate replacements in the normal course of appointments who were willing to fire him. Biden chose instead to nominate people who supported DeJoy.
Biden could have appointed nominees committed to removing him. Biden appointees now hold a majority of the Board of Governors, and could thus vote to remove DeJoy at any time.
Biden has now appointed a majority of the current board. He chose to appoint pro-DeJoy people, that's why we've had DeJoy beyond May 2022. Biden also could fire members of the postal board, but thought it was easier to let their terms expire and avoid lawsuits. Which ok fine, but don't appoint people who are outspoken supporters of him then point to "only the board can fire him" as an excuse for his continued tenure.