If you're not from AZ i think AZ is full of landmines if you try to run nationally relevant Republicans, or if you think people won't vote for progressive here.
They'll vote for certain progressives, they'll reject certain Republicans both of which would be more popular in national settings.
She's voted with Democrats several times, but on a lot of chances to be progressive she's gone pretty much full right/conservative.
Also, perhaps more importantly, Manchin is 1000% the most liberal person we were ever going to get into a West Virginia Senate seat.
I think you're mostly right, but Manchin didn't single-handedly get elected as a Democrat in West Virginia. He inherited a history of strong Democratic party identification by conservative Democrats in the state. They have had a strong labor movement until recently, and families there have sometimes been Democrats for generations, notably since before the civil rights movement and subsequent party realignment. Then the world turned hyper-partisan even more than it already was, and he's left trying to hold on. Barely managed it last time, and almost certainly won't manage it again.
I think you're right: the atmosphere is probably too partisan for Manchin to win again. But there's no one else who can win as a Democrat in West Virginia either, so he might as well try if he's up for it.
The question isn't whether she can peel off Democrats; it's whether she can get votes from unaffiliated voters. Someone else posted exit poll numbers that say only 27% of Arizona voters are Democrats, compared to 40% independent and 33% Republican. Democrats don't win there by focusing on that 27%; they win by getting votes from the 40% independent voters, too.
Sinema ceasing to register as a Democrat doesn't really change the situation with votes at all. Sinema didn't become a Republican. She was already not a reliable vote for some Democratic bills, so that's not new. By all accounts, she will still be a vote for Democratic leadership positions. And with a Republican house, it's unlikely that much progressive legislation will be a possibility anyway. The Senate for the next 2 years is there to confirm Biden's nominees, and little else, and Sinema and Manchin are both relatively supportive of Biden nominees.