Not sure what you mean here. Are you saying that only senators from one of the two major parties should be allowed to vote against the majority party?
I'm saying yes the 2 people that say there not democratic or Republicans should not be able just say when it time to vote on something that there going be Democrat then when it's come to us senate that affects the entire US. Now when it comes to there state and there voting on laws for there state only then yes they can vote for there state in any way they choose. America as whole does not want some random unknown party making choice that affect us all. Think about if this unknown party voted republican with out actually being republican would you not it sketchy that this so called unknown party is running on believes that are not there just to pretend to be something there not. The senate and house and president already corrupt but that's a corrupt we know is corrupt on both sides at least we know it. We have no clue what this unknown party members are really about what there believe are. I used to be Democrat and switched to republican because the democrats where no longer running on there original standpoint and beliefs. Basically choose side and that what you are or don't be able vote on something if your going vote with democrats on all there bills then your a Democrat not an unknown party.
Unfortunately it does not have be 51 as of now the senate is 50 blue and 48 red only because there 2 people that are not democratic or republican and they have already said there going vote blue and in my opinion if you not democratic or republican you should not have say when it comes to tie breakers.
It's all good let them control it for 2 more years by the time there next seat comes up and people are tired 5 to 7 dollars a gallon gas after 4 years red will take everything house senate and president and also not every senate and house was even up for reelection and red still took seats away from democrats. What you think going happen when those senate and house seats are up in 2 years really think the democrats are not going lose more seats.