I will fully admit to not reading the article and will also admit to genuinely not caring about this woman in any way. The climate is fucked and quite honestly I can't care any more. Do what you gotta do, but don't be surprised at people using this against you when it comes. Nuance means nothing to those who are your enemies.
Nuance can be difficult sometimes. Wind farms are good for the environment because they can reduce a country’s use of fossil fuels, which lead to pollution in the air and all that comes with it, especially warming characteristics. However, if a wind farm causes harm to a wildlife population that is essential to the lifestyle of an indigenous population, then it doesn’t seem to help the environment that much, does it? So, if we instead put it somewhere where it doesn’t have this effect, it should provide a net good, as is the purpose of building wind farms in the first place. “We” still think wind farms are generally good, because “we” can think situationally and not treat every scenario as a black and white issue. “We” are capable of reading articles and allowing new evidence to enter our brains and modify our conclusions to be more accurate.
Because I feel no need to be polite to people who consider other groups of people less human than I do, consider planet scale phenomena to be trivialities, and consider everyone else to be guilty of the heinous misdeeds they perpetrate. My arrogance will not change facts. My conceit will not change the fact that one side tends to prioritize logic, fact, and compassion. I have no patience, and honestly no sympathy, for a group of people who deny science and humanity on a daily basis and then have the gall to call me condescending. Their every remark is how they know better than the experts. They use condescension like other artists use oils. They constantly point out which groups are coming for them because they’re so jealous and threatened by how great they are. If it’s unclear, I’m talking about the right. Condescending enough for you?
This one isn’t even hard to think of with nuance. It’s actually right in line with what Thunberg usually espouses: Protect the environment. Usually renewable energy sources are a means to that end. In this particular instance, this particular renewable effort doesn’t achieve that goal, so don’t do it. Unfortunately, people like u/hamsamith will attempt to use it as a gotcha, without realizing that it both undermines their empty efforts at “discourse” (by showing that they don’t read the sources and don’t fully understand the issue) and strenhens Thunberg’s position by showing that she is nuanced in her message and efforts by actually considering the people and environments that renewables affect directly.
Not sure what “this” is or how someone would use “this” against me and for what reason. I’m providing context to an admittedly unenlightened comment from an admittedly checked-out human being on an admittedly suffering planet. Your irreverence holds as much weight and impact as any one of the tiny internet comments we’ve traded back and forth, yet it is still important to note that the next generation has not given up, nearly as much as either of us, on the sick planet with which we are burdening them while we retreat to the back halves of our lives here. If we’re going to do this to them, we can at least pretend that we cared or tried to help in even the smallest way. Otherwise, I’m sure they will cherish your sardonic wit, as that’s how you seem to want to be remembered. Your aloofness is not noble, though I do understand the mental/emotional self-preservation that it comes from.