Let's be honest, Fox News isn't a news organization, it's a right-wing propaganda machine. They peddle fear, outrage, and misinformation to their viewers on a daily basis, all in the name of advancing a political agenda. True journalism involves seeking out the facts and reporting them objectively, but Fox News is more interested in pushing a particular narrative than in informing the public. It's time we stopped treating them as a legitimate news source and started calling them out for what they really are.
I think there’s a decent amount of people in this country that genuinely believe “fake news” just means “news that I don’t agree with”. Bias is more subtle than a lot of people think, you usually can’t see it just from reading or watching (unless it’s egregious), it happens more like what stories they choose to run and not run. And don’t even get me started on the rights hatred of journalists. So yes r/conservative all news is biased, but that doesn’t mean it’s all the same level of bias.
That’s the thing conservatives don’t understand, yes all media is bias but that doesn’t mean you can’t trust any media. You just have to vary your sources and use critical thinking like you said. Instead they use “all media is bias and lying” as an excuse to only watch media they agree with. If every news org reports on trump shitting his pants except fox, then clearly the other media companies are colluding and fox is the only one you can trust.
And thanks to Fox News, there’s this “prevailing belief” that all news is inherently false/ misleading.
Consider that both things can be true at the once - the “news” has fundamentally changed, maybe for the worse, and that right-wing news has done so in a much more extreme and harmful way.
But lumping everything together with a news station that knowingly told lies about a fair election being stolen is straight up dangerous.
FOX "News" finds ways to profit off of the election lies and so will keep repeating them. As long as they can keep making money off of it, they'll keep up their lies even if privately they admit that it's all bull.