What about Jordan and black september? If Israel acted like Jordan integrating the population providing equal rights and citizenship remove military law and release all political and military prisoners then the conflict would have been over, the fact that most Jordanians and most palestinians refused to take part in the fighting should tell you something, my grandfather refused direct orders from the king and almost got to court for it, but again it was in the past like more than 50 years ago.
Yes Israel should treat palestinians as equal or leave them be, the reason why dont hear about palestinians violence in Jordan nowadays is simply because they are equal, every single incident of violence since the 70a was by jordanians or syrians, had israel taken our approach then it would jave been fine.
If israel got the same results as we have then the conflict is over, there is no more conflict, our mistake was allowing parties to be armed being to easy on their transgressions on the sovereignty while no one would think it was about if palestinians should have had citizenship, also palestinians were much better educated and were much better at trade and manufacturing so i hate to admit it but they are the ones to make this country turn from a desert not worth occupying into the most advanced and educated country jn the arab world.
2) The goal of the disengagement from Gaza was not to be nice to the Palestinians; Israel left due to the realization that Israel could never achieve Jewish majority in Gaza (no majority, no potential future annexation, no point in staying). Even further, Sharon's plan was apparently to torpedo any chance of peace with the Palestinians with that disengagement plan:
I'm just pointing out that anyone who thinks there's any chance of peace with Hamas is delusional, because Hamas themselves explicitly state that their purpose is a neverending fight with Jews.
However much you might disagree with it, most of Israel's bombings are militarily and legally justified, can't say the same about HAMAS indescriminant rocket attacks.
They are legally not a country, they were offered to become one in 1948 and post-1967 by Israel on the condition that they stop attacking Israel, but every time they refused.
And given the statement above as well as the continued expansion of settlements on occupied land there is zero chance of instant peace even if Palestinian groups stopped all their terrorist bullshit. And yes, I agree by using terrorism, the respective Palestinian organisations are torpedoing their whole people's future. I just don't think it's all on the Palestinians and Israel is as much at fault for the whole situation not being resolved after several decades.
And it's not like Israel couldn't have taken control back. Israel bombs and invades Gaza every couple of years to pacify Hamas for a while. Israel took back control of Westbank areas (despite contrary commitments arising from the Oslo Accords, resulting in the Second Intifada) - so it's not unheard of. So why does Israel not take control of Gaza and stop the rockets permanently if - as you seem to imply - that's the result of Israel leaving? And I think it's just not feasible: IDF patrols in Gaza would be attacked regularly, IDF installations in Gaza would be attacked regularly, IDF would constantly retaliate; occupying Gaza (regardless of having stayed or reoccupying) would most likely result in much higher casualty numbers (particularly for the IDF) than dealing with just a secure perimeter around Gaza, the rockets, and the occasional bombing campaign. It's just too many (hostile) Palestinians in that place.