Ultimately it's Taiwan that will primarily suffer if war breaks out so their majority viewpoint should take precedent over Western interests.
In addition, the people of Taiwan have heavily embraced a Taiwanese identity and oppose unification. Taiwan has shifted from being authoritarian to embracing political liberalization and democracy, a system that contrasts with the authoritarian system of China. On top of that, Taiwan has greatly embraced liberal values and social reforms. Taiwan has developed stronger relations with the US through military partnership and repeated assurance that the US has Taiwan’s back, especially from high ranking political figures such as Pelosi to President Biden himself. China has destroyed Hong Kong’s liberal values and is looking glaringly at Taiwan - a country that attempts to protect its own sovereignty and democracy.
China has quite literally wants the rejuvenation of the Chinese state and seeks to expand its military capabilities, global influence, and nuclear arsenal. It has developed its capabilities in aerial and maritime denial, and has created a ballistic missile arsenal that intends to challenge the United States’ presence at sea and conduct offensive strike capabilities. This China is in no interest of diplomacy and seeks unification - whether it be coercion or worse by force.
A “good relationship” with China is bowing down and doing what it asks you lest you incur its wrath and tantrum.
Maybe China can fuck off and leave us alone, then we can talk diplomacy. Yeah, let's go and have some diplomacy when facists have a gun to our heads. Great idea.
Please don't speak for us if you are an ignorant foreigner. The recent elections were for local city and county level politicians whose platforms have nothing to do with international policy. In fact, only 2 seats switched hands and the discontent has to do with the DPP's domestic policies like energy securiry and covid measures, not China. The DPP's agenda against nuclear energy is particularly contentious for one.
Nobody here wants to be a part of China. Why should we give up our unique culture, history and free way of life to be governed by a totalitarian regime thousands of km away in Beijing?