With conservatives it has to be personal gain or religion. For example, hybrid cars allowed tax write offs and driving in carpool lanes. Solar allows potential payback from the grid and savings on electricity.
In truth, analyzing costs shows that renewables are often on-par with or cheaper than fossil fuel power generation. It may have been true that they depended on subsidies in the past but that is no longer the case and they're still getting cheaper. That brings us back to the previous comment which has a much more realistic criticism: inconsistent power generation. I'm not sure if the timeframe they picked was intentional or just by chance, but wind has since risen from 7.3% of the mix to 16.6%. But what about overall? lets you play around with different settings but it turns out renewables already provide quite a bit of their energy production. And shows that 37.3% of Germany's power production in 2022 came from wind and solar (48.3% from "renewables" overall, though that includes 8.2% biomass).
At the end of the day we'll still have peaker plants for quite some time to smooth out the highs and lows but even they will become less of a necessity. There are ways to store excess power including pumped hydro and a number of different types of batteries, but also energy interconnects between regions and countries can help move power around as needed. Crucially, those highs and lows will often be at different times in different locations. While I'm at it I'll mention that nuclear is good too, though anyone acting like it's the real solution that should be used instead of renewables is just being silly.
Europe's "green transition" realistically consists of a bit of wind in the north, a bit of solar in the south, and a fuck ton of nuclear everywhere in between.
seriously, if the germans had spent the two trillion euros building nuclear they'd be carbon-neutral and exporting gobs of green energy to the rest of europe. instead they installed solar and wind with a theoretical capacity of 200% of germany's needs and an actual output of about 20% of its needs.
the euros are building nuclear, right? they're not doing something stupid like spending two trillion euros building solar and wind in germany, a country that is neither sunny nor windy, are they? they certainly wouldn't do that while decommissioning their existing nuclear plants and switching to lignite, the dirtiest coal there is, would they?