Anti-fascism, is it? Do read up on history and find out how those who opposed the fascists in the 1920s, 30s and 40s handled them. There was a specific set of actions that failed, and specific ones that succeeded. Since we are talking about pre-takeover, that is, before a fascist-leaning group goes full fascist and takes over the government (Republicans), we’re avoiding all out war as an option. So that means we need to look at what didn’t work in the 30’s before WW2 and avoid doing that.
Third, disrupt their little games that distract from the above real issues. That means not responding to a subpoena when it is in bad faith and just for their dog and pony hate show, and declaring it such, out loud, publicly. Remember how Republicans said little or nothing at all when they dodged subpoenas? Do this, and they not only lose their show, but they get a public slap across the face for it as well.
Second, ensure to act in ways designed to undermine them. This means specific actions and measures that otherwise wouldn’t be taken. In today’s US politics, this means cutting off their power, in short their gerrymandering, election cheating and court appointments. This can be countered by election reform, and expanding certain courts.
Do it. Do it and point out all the times Republicans did it, and the legal, reasonable reasons they were subpoenaed, and then call out the nonsense reasons they want Biden subpoenaed.
For all the comments saying Biden's ignoring these subpoenas would "normalize" ignoring House subpoenas, you've got it backwards.
On the other what’s good for the goose… and I’d love to see the Biden administration respond with “Trump administration ignored House subpoenas, and so shall mine”.
Make no mistake: If Biden answers one subpoena from this stupid GOP House Party, they will just keep doing it.
And setting the precedent that Biden will ascede to even ridiculous requests like this will just let them continue to do it to him and future presidents.
If Biden answers the summon, we're normalizing bogus "investigations" started for absurd reasons with no merit or reason to exist.