EDIT: annexation of the West Bank would be catastrophic for both Israelis and Palestinians and should never happen.
If that's true then why are we seeing so many settlements being built on Palestinian land and settlers harassing Palestinians everyday.
You are asking this question here for the gazillionth time while you spam the typical Pro-Israeli narrative "Palestinian invaders aren't native to the land ".
You claimed everything is “Palestinian land”, and that Israel exists over “Palestinian land”, I refuted your claim.
The land that was assigned to the Palestinians, the same way that land was assigned to the Jews, where Israel now exists.
First of all Palestinians are Christian as well and their claim to the land is not based on their religion. They have been all over Palestine-Israel Since forever as the article suggests.
Are you saying that all of it is now Israel? OK, then Israel is required to give all Palestinians the right to vote, else it is committing the crime of Apartheid.
Though they’ll face the harsh reality of the Palestinians not wanting peace but genocide of all Jews….
Tl.r : The Palestinians will never want peace unless it involves the genocide and exile of all Jews, and recent historical events showed it pretty well.
It’s funny how “The jews had evil intentions” is always a legitimate excuse but the Palestinians being hateful and hostile is never an option.
Poor Palestinians, only wanted to genocide the Jews, failed and kept their war mongering because ignorant like you keep supporting it.
The Palestinians massacred the Jews, when that wasn't successcul they allied with the Nazis, when the Third Reich fell they declared war to genocide them and fail, among several others..
Is that why they massacred Jewish villages in the 1920s, allied with the Nazis in the 1940s and declared a war with neighbor countries to genocide the Jews?
There was designation for both sides, sadly the Palestinians did not accept the designation and decided to declare war to genocide the Jews.
1 state will mean the end of Israel and probably an actual genocide of Jews, or at best, a civil war and another war-torn country.