Who are you, Sideshow Bob? “I am presently incarcerated, imprisoned for a crime I did not even commit. "Attempted murder," now honestly, did they ever give anyone a Nobel prize for "attempted chemistry?".
Ikr. I have no hope for this either. It’s a shame that US democracy seems as farcical as the notion of judicial justice when it comes to people with any ounce of lobbying and economic power beyond the norm.
There are three large problems with a case like Trump that are generally anything that has to do with rich people and the judicial system(besides the obvious):
1. SCOPE-Money buys time and not just because of expensive lawyers. If you or I get charged with, let’s say bank fraud for cashing bad checks. Lets say it was a lot, like 100k over a year period with 200 checks over 17 different banks. It may take 6 months for the DA to have each and every check counted, were the money went (is the car you bought legal or did a cashed check pay for part of it?), who else benefited? Was your spouse involved? Any employees at the bank? You got caught for 100k but did you do more? Lots of work right? Now put that into billions of dollars with hundreds of thousands of checks spanned over hundreds of banks. That would take years of investigating. Btw, if any part of the years long investigation is done illegally (chain of custody, false confession, new guy goes into an apt. he shouldn’t without a warrant) the investigation is set back a year.
1.LAWYERS WHO PLAY THE GAME-Lawyers have a lot of ways to postpone cases of given the opportunity. Depending on the persons history (convictions), evidence, and charge, cases for a lot of white collar crime can be put off for years until defense council has exhausted every avenue of getting affidavits, discovery, and so on and so forth. It’s pretty normal for a judge to grant a 6-month continuance for almost anything. Starting with the investigations (wire taps, warrants, and motions) to make sure everything is in order or if the judge requires a higher level of proof to protect the case on appeal. Once charges are actually brought it’s the same thing every step until trial (I assume the US Gov will go to trail and not plea).