As a Pole, I'll tell you that that Russian would've been right if we thought the way they do, but the simple fact is Poland has given up any expansionist aspirations long ago. It's just Russia that's still stuck in the 20th century with 20th century logic.
There's a reason Russia pushes these stupid ideas. Sure they'd love to tear some pieces off of Ukraine so that they could sieze the rest more easily but even if they see that it's not going to happen it's still a good way to increase suspicion between Ukraine and it's neighbors.
Those Poles I swear, helping Ukraine to rearm themselves just to look better after stabbing them in the back and annexing part of their country, truly a magnificent strategy that only Putin the Insane would be able to come up with.
We attacked Ukraine and took their land, so clearly Poland wants to do it so we're here now to protect Ukraine from Polish aggression - GOP/Putin.
And talking about the war and the borders might also brings up memories of the slaughter of Poles by extreme Ukrainian nationalists during the war.
A lot of border issues can be quite complicated and sore points due to history. A lot of European countries decided that it's basically best to leave things alone instead of trying to argue about land based on history. After WW2 large parts of western Poland with an ethnic Ukrainian majority was given to Ukraine then all Poles were forcibly deported to the rest of Poland(And Ukrainians who lived in parts of Poland that was still Poland were deported to Soviet Ukraine and Poland was given territories in the west controlled by Germany pre war and the Germans there were also moved). Of course this was done by the Soviet government were decisions where made in Moscow. Also much of Ukraine has a long history under Polish rule, a lot of that history is seen in a negative light despite the love for modern Poland.
Please don't propose stupid things. Poland has been a solid supporter of Ukrainian independence and has shot down any suggestion of wanting to seize parts of Ukraine that were controlled by Poland at one point. This is exactly the sort of conspiracy Russia is pushing in the article to undermine the alliance and friendship between the two countries.