To the Asian American proponents of these kinds of bills because AA is supposedly discriminatory… you have noticed that the bills also remove the ability to track enrollments by race which means if Asian Americans enrollment stayed the same or worsened… you’d never know?
> Both scholars are clear that affirmative action—a policy designed with the purpose of including members of certain nonwhite racial groups, often African Americans and Latinos but also sometimes Asian Americans—differs from racial discrim­ination against Asian American applicants on the basis of race. The work of Matsuda and Kang provides the conceptual framework for understanding why efforts to end racial affirmative action are unlikely to expose or end anti-Asian purposeful bias, anti-Asian effect discrimination, or policies and practices that place discriminatory ceilings on Asian American admissions.
Concerning the topic of affirmative action and Asian Americans, I believe that it is important that I begin by strongly discouraging any attempt to make strong and sweeping claims based on a single paper. This is true in general, for any complex topic. Do be aware, too, that the NBER publishes , and that the paper in question is about Asian American discrimination in Harvard admissions.
comment we should first discuss the premise that "[affirmative action] appears to be bad for Asians." Not only because the claim itself merits careful analysis, but because this sort of claim tends to be part of a particular manner of framing the discourse surrounding affirmative action and institutional discrimination, in order to legitimize concerns about White people being institutionally discriminated against in the same manner as racialized minorities are.
To conclude with a direct answer to your question, no, there is no evidence to support the belief that White people are systemically discriminated against in the USA because of affirmative action, and there is plenty of evidence that so-called "colorblind" policies would (and do) perpetuate racialized injustices and inequities. With respect to Asian Americans, there is plenty of evidence that they continue to be discriminated against at a large scale, regardless of whether or not Harvard itself discriminates against them with respect to admissions. Furthermore, even if that were the case, that would not mean that the problem is in the concept of race-conscious policies, but in the aforementioned persistence of racism.