I don't blame you. It's more surprising seeing teachers STAY at this point. How this country treats its teachers is shameful and disgusting. I hope you find or have found fulfilling employment that compensates you adequately, if not much better. .
This. This is why I’ve always been a strong advocate for tracking. I know it’s such a dirty word in the world of education. But in all honesty, the high level learners are not always going to help pull up the low learners, and in fact will usually be bored as fuck and start acting out. Tracking has the added benefit of making lessons much more closely aligned with each child’s abilities instead of having a over view lesson and then a crap ton of self guided work so teachers can then go do one one one or small group work. Someone is always going to get left behind this way.
Top it off with administrative staff that are tone deaf to most needs and circumstances that are happening in class rooms leads to a high burn out. Teachers aren’t just teaching now, but also playing the role of social worker. Duty to act means you really need to be up in your kids business. And you have to be able to deal with the fact that most schools have only one or two counselors to cover an entire school, with some elementary schools head counting out around 1k.
As a former teacher in SC, and married to a current SC teacher, I can say I’m not surprised at all. The pay is definitely not on par with other states, and the fact that the pay is normalized across the full year for most teachers means that the deceptive practice a lot of districts use to say that they pay a certain amount is a false equivalency. Making 40k in 9 months with nothing else is not the same as making 40k in 12.
Not just that, at some point with in my life time public schools became primary day cares centers. This became especially evident during the pandemic. We really thought the whole thing would start a conversation on actual sick leave and PTO, and begin to include child care with that.