In his defence (I never thought I would say this) it's very much illegal to retroactively limit the rights of elected officials in most places.
The constitutional 2 term limit for presidents did not apply to the Harry S. Truman who was the incumbent while it was ratified. I would assume that the same thing would apply here.
We all are agreeing and saying the same thing. I'm just clearing up what somebody could think their point was because they mentioned that they "only" make so much and that they can vote to give themselves raises at any time. My point was just that we do not have sour grapes over that salary and that "our salaries vs Congress salaries" is not and should not be the issue at hand. Yes, it should be tied to constituent earnings, but I'm just suggesting going a step further by, once corrected, tying both to inflation. Then we don't need to fight for minimum wage increases for basic survival and Congress has no good reason to vote for raises for themselves. Automate both raises at the beginning of every fiscal year. It's 2023; there's no reason not to automate a significant portion of easy shit like this.
You're right about everything, but in the long term it's best that they make good money or else it's a powerful job that only the wealthy will ever be privileged enough to afford to take. The focus should be on our class struggle, not that job's compensation. So yes, raise the shit out of our minimum wage, and maybe we should lock both minimum wage (after raising it) and elected officials' salaries to inflation rates, and then we can put this entire issue to rest.
As much as I fucking hate Marge, she touches on a decent point when complaining about the $174k salary. That money is supposed to cover the costs of two residences, one of which is near work in a very expensive DC. You bring up that they're a bunch of millionaires, but that job will only ever be hiring millionaires if us common people without millions can't afford to make ends meet with the salary it pays. After taxes and deductions, $174k is probably somewhere between $100k and $130k. The average DC apartment is $2,356/month or $28,272/year. Rent/mortgage varies widely across the country, and although I realize that Marge probably represents a cheap area, not all legislators do. Food, utilities, transportation, leisure, etc add up. And although it seems like a pretty easy job where you just shitpost all day, doing the job properly is very stressful and puts you under public scrutiny every day. Travel between your constituents and the Capitol is also very taxing, and idk whether that cost is something that can be deducted or expensed or something, but it's draining on the body and mind even if it's not a personal cost.