don't forget the L.G.B.T.Q+, immigrants, Ethiopians and Russians (their Judaism is questioned by the religious hierarchy). there will be more victims to this government beside just Palestinians.
Now compare the number of killed Palestinians and killed Israelis. And do the same for displaced people. And how many Palestinians break the Oslo accords by illegally living in Israeli territory, and how many Israeli's live illegally in Palestinian land?
The current occupation is a result of palestinans refusal to recognize israels right to exist and refusal to negotiate in good faith.
There were points in the past where Palestinian leaders were the only ones refusing, but that doesn’t justify things like modern West Bank settlement.
The solution is Palestinians wanting peaceful solution that doesn't involve wiping out Israel.......They have never wanted that though and doesn't look like they ever will.
The majority of Palestinians don't want peace once you can realise that you will understand why Israel isn't going to work with a fanatical terrorist state.
The Palestinians have never negotiated with a peaceful 2 state solution in mind, they see a 2 state solution as a pathway to annihilating Israel.
I supported a 2 state solution for many years but now that I know Palestinians want to just use that to completely annihilate millions of Jews I would have to be insane to support it.
Polling done shows that the majority of Palestinians want to use a 2 state solution to continue their war against Israel.
The majority of Palestinians want to use a 2 state solution to continue the war against Israel. Why would you be advocating to give the Palestinians a better military position to wipe out Israel?
Why do you support the Palestinians wiping out Israel? As that is what Israel negotiating in good faith would achieve?
Why do you expect only one of the 2 parties to negotiate in good faith? You want Israel to be reasonable but don't expect the Palestinians to be?
Maybe Palestine shouldn't have spent 50 years trying to wipe out Israel. Palestine had their chance for peace. Lost 3 wars of aggression then still want to try wipe them out.