If you sanction A, well now the country needs to switch to B to keep things going smoothly. After a while, when your country has swapped over to B completely, you sanction B. Now that hurts more, and your country needs to scramble harder to fix that problem, so they switch to C, etc...
Fair points. Idk how much it matters in the grand scheme of things but I have followed the Ruble over the last year. Since 8 months ago, its been dropping, and it hasn't stopped. It just reached it's pre-war level and it is still going down. So sanctions are hurting Russia, I wish it would be a faster effect to force Putin to stop the war, but it is hurting Russia.
Also another reason for escalating sanctions as opposed to dropped every sanction known to man at once is to keep some leverage. If you sanction the shit out of Russia with everything all at once, well there is not reason for Russia to listen to you at all since you threw everything at it. But if you do it over time, it leaves you with negotiating power. Even if Putin does not care, many oligarchs may get increasingly nervous with increasing sanctions that hurt them more and more, and that will cause instability.
Regardless, as opposed to China, Russia did weaponize our dependency in order to try and manipulate our politics which made them the bigger threat. I as a european, want absolutely nothing from them anymore, regardless of the price. The fact that they invested huge amounts of money to buy off some of our politicians, have an imperial agenda and have no issues with genociding people as close to them culturally as possible, makes them a way bigger threat than China could ever be right now.
I think what I and many don't understand is how Russians accept the political apathy and how they accept their situation. Yes, we saw a lot of them leave, we saw the protests, we saw that two battalions of russians are now fighting in Ukraine with the UA military. But considering the country's size and population, the resistance is still underwhelming.
Of course Russia becoming reliant on China is gonna become a whole different issue, both for russians but also for the west. Given that China now dominates the markets there and has access to resources at a premium price, who knows what they are capable of in the future. Let's hope they are satisfied with turning Russia into a client state for the moment.