First 2 days. During 3rd day Russians were forced to send third echelons to try to pierce Ukrainian defences as first and second echelons failed to breakthrough, stopped successfully by Ukrainians. Third echelon forces were Russian operational detachment prepared to exploit previous breakthrough which was supposed to be made by 1st or at most but suboptimal 2nd echelons.
At this moment, during 3rd day, many military experts already stated the operation has failed and the very long and bloody war has begun. Russians doesn't have military expertise or capabilities to conduct large scale war.
The problem is that the Russian approach to air power doesn't really lend itself to ever achieving air superiority. It just isn't how their airforce works.
They don't really even do in-flight refueling. Think about how fundamental that is to the US / NATO air doctrine. Russian planes take off, do their mission, and land a couple hours later. That is all they can do.
Well. Ukraine tried to negotiate like all the idiot Putin appeasers demanded. Didn't work out. Guess it's back to kicking Russia's ass out of the country the old fashion way again.
russia pushed back out of whole Kharkiv oblast - "yeah but let's be real that's all Ukraine could do".
That's just a "let's give away russia what they claimed" masked with "let's be real". Try to actually be real - every single centimeter of Ukrainian terrotiry will be liberated. And until then - there will be no compromises.
russia is pushed out of Kyiv (first, quoting their propaganda, goodwill gesture lol), Sumy and Chernigiv roughly 1st April - "yeah but let's be real, Ukraine doesn't have a chance in other regions now when russia will reinforce in other regions".
russia pushed out of Snake Island (propaganda says it was a goodwill gesture, lol) which completely nullifies their chances to block Ukraine from sea and their offensive completely halts - "yeah but let's be real, Ukraine can't get any territory back".
russia claims to capture Luhansk oblast, Donetsk oblast, Mykolaiv oblast, block Ukraine from sea and make land corridor to Transnistria (russian puppet fake state in Moldova) up to 9th of May (big russian holiday), then end of May, then 10 of June, then end of June, after which they just stopped making deadlines - ultimatively fails - "yeah but let's be real, Ukraine has no chance against russia".