Saw an M1A1 there once (was LRS with 3rd ID at the time, would have been around 1988) that had the entire crew standing in the mud just staring at it (I think they were 3rd AD, but it's been a while). We approached them and asked if they needed a hand. They had thrown a track, to the inside...well, shit. So we said we'd help them break track and get it fixed when the driver just laughed and told us we should look at the other side. Yup, thrown track...to the inside.
Roughly half of the current population of Crimea today are Russian citizens who we given incentives to move there since 2014. Over a million people. How do you handle that? Forced deportations? Let them stay and give them voting rights? If you let them stay, how do you protect them from retaliation from Ukrainians living there? Do you even try? How do you handle security? Deal with insurgency? And how do you do any of this and maintain the moral/legal high ground?
This isn't about Russia formally fighting for it. The problem actually begins the moment Russia officially leaves Crimea.
So, the track on most tracked vehicles has a center "blade" that keeps the track aligned. Each of the wheels you see when you look at a tank is actually a double set, side by side, that the "blade" passes between. Most of the time this is fine, but if the space between the wheels gets filled with something else, and the track tension is a little off, it can cause the track to be pushed off the wheels. Normal procedure is to "break" the track by removing one of the pins that keep the individual track segments connected to each other (think of it like a door hinge), then manhandle the track so that it is lined up with the wheels, straight out in front of the vehicle. You then, carefully, drive the tank back into the track while the rest of the crew is carefully guiding it back into place. Once it is correctly on the tank you can put the pin back in place, completing the track loop and retension. I am glossing over a lot, and it's a pain in the ass. As you can imagine if the initial track came off to the outside, it's a lot easier to manage, since throwing track to the inside means it's under the tank.
I'm not a tank enthusiast either but I assume that "throwing a track" means that the track came dislodged from the wheels (like a bike chain coming off the gears). Being thrown on the inside means it came off and ended up on the tank side of the wheels, which I assume is much more difficult to fix than if it were on the outside. The outside would mean that it would just be laying on the ground next to the tank. Inside means it's snagged and caught up in all the other moving parts and difficult to access and get a hold of in order to reseat it. Plus it's really heavy.