This is his autobiography. The military was a huge part of his life. Actually fighting and being in the thick of it and not letting his status keep from doing so was really important to him. Not surprising he would write about what he did. (I am surprised tho that the military dude was claiming they tell them to see Taliban insurgents as humans with families and stuff. I guess things have changed!).
P.S. As I was typing, I realized that my tv was playing the second episode of Gwynne Dyer’s documentary series on war, titled “Anybody’s Son Will Do.” It’s literally about this exact subject, how basic training turns young men into people who follow orders instinctively and are willing to kill, with some even being eager to kill the enemy.
“The other problem I found with his comments was that he characterized the British Army basically as having trained him and other soldiers to see his enemy as less than human.”.
Yeah he talks about how they were taught not to think of the enemy combatants as other humans, and that they were killing them to save the lives of their fellow soldiers. I've seen enough interviews with soldiers to know that is how it's done. Everyone is attacking him for saying that he viewed it as "taking enemy chess pieces off the board" and how that's really messed up, but he goes on to say that it was the only way that he could do his job as a soldier, because he wouldn't be able to if he really felt like he was killing actual human beings, and I can't say I'd be any different to be honest.
Everyone is talking about this as if he announced it in some kind of press briefing for attention. It's written in his new biography, which is written for people who are interested in his life. The fact that it's all over the news isn't because he requested it but because the press decided to release all of these things knowing that it would stir shit and make money. If you want to complain about it being "in your face", it's not Harry, he put it in a book that you don't have to read if you don't want to, it's the press that's throwing it in your face.