£11m would set me and my entire family up for life. I could literally buy a house for both my sisters, my dad and my mum, with enough left over for myself to live the rest of my life comfortably.
Fair play to her dad. What did she do other than be born? What good is she doing in the world today with her un-earned wealth? Further, wealth that comes from a country committing such atrocities as Russia.
Russia is inflicting destruction on Ukraine...yes but what's that got to do with Indian companies pulling out of Russia? We have our own relations with Russia. Honestly the fact that they offered to pull out of Russia is baffling to me. They should not pull out. Russia is and will always remain a true partner in need for India. India's foreign policy is its own and is not affected by the west's pissing matches.
A US/West supporter speaking about human rights, murder, torture and rape. Need I remind you that humanity owes its gratitude to the west for inflicting it with the cancer that is the middle east's crisis? Not to mention the countless people turning towards insurgency due to the west's undemocratic moves in the middle east. Radical islamic terrorism? Ever heard about it? West is definitely one of the major if not the biggest factor that contributed to it.
I'm probably moving away from the topic. So let me conclude this pointless conversation by telling you this. Indian companies don't have to move out of Russia. We are better than Ukraine because our people from ages believed in breaking the hierarchy and hegemony rather than creating and being one or even joining one. We will never join one side. NAM is the only solution. West is as naive as it was because COP 26 was such a failure. Let's hope they gain some common sense and sign a deal in COP 27.
Infosys should not pull out because the company belongs to Narayan Murthy an Indian billionaire. As long as he is the head of the company, neither his daughter nor the west's pissing contests will not have any impact on India's foreign policy nor an ally of India.