Organized religion was conceived by the powerful as a means to subjugate the rest of us. That's not some modern communist conspiracy theory. Anyone with any background in religious history could tell you how religion was used to enrich the powerful. It's not any different today, with minor exceptions.
Indeed - it's called coercion, and no contract based on coercion is valid, at least not in the developed world. I know some shitholes like KSA allow for all sorts of coercive contracts.
Just because the basics of religion were an outgrowth of human lack of understanding doesn't mean we have to keep them.
While I can't speak much to Sikhism or Zoroastrianism or certain sects of Buddhism, the three biggest world religions all have a history written in blood and suffering. It's time for them all to modernize or get out of the way.
It's also not the first time! The church has been hiding and aiding the pedophilia for ages and everytime they're exposed it's "oH i'M sOrrY". No, they're not. They're only sorry they got caught. The Catholic church is basically a mafia scheme at this point.
Now we're supposed to get the Church's Youth thing and we're seing a huge spending on public funds against the public's will on a fucking altar for these MFs Not even the Catholic are supporting over 161 M € in public funding towards the church... Total separation of church and state, you know? Needing new social housing, new hospitals, more funding towards schools and so much more but who geht's the money? A fucking altar what will then rot and someone will have definetely fill their pockets ans keep on molesting ans sexually assaulting children!
No, it’s because sexual predators look for ways they can get unsupervised access to children without raising red flags, and the Catholic Church does a lot of charity work involving children.
You could wipe the catholic church off the face of the earth today and in 10 years abuse numbers would be the same as they are today, because these systems exist all over and abusers seek out situations that allow them to abuse kids and get away with it.
Obviously the Catholic Church has a bunch of fucked up problems and I'm not a catholic, but focusing on specific organizations doesn't help prevent future abuse as much as we'd like to think when this is a society-wide problem.