For all their intelligence failures in other fields, they've been bang on with this one, and frequently give the impression of being two steps ahead of the Russians.
Like, suppose western intelligence isn't sure what the Russians are planning - it's a 50/50 between them bluffing and an invasion. If you go on TV and say "the Russians are absolutely about to invade", you're inviting the Russians to prove you wrong.
The US knew an invasion was at least possible, incorrectly assessed Russian strenh and then came to a reasonable conclusion based on that - the Russians have the forces and are going to invade. Correct, but for the wrong reason.
He’s not wrong. I’d go further and say France was in denial for a long time after the invasion had begun.
France nonetheless got the assessment on the invasion wrong though. The French foreign intelligence agency (the DGSE) learned of the invasion being in the works in early 2021 and it was confirmed to France by the US in June 2021 (or August, I don't remember which month the chief of staff of the French military said). However, the French military intelligence agency (the DRM) told the government that the Russian military didn't have the capabilities to successfully pull off such an operation and that it would be too costly for them (which, as we know, turned out to be true), and thus drew the oh so wrong conclusion that Putin would never actually go ahead with the plan, to the point where even when troops were being deployed on Ukraine's borders and all that, it was just regarded as a maneuver to distract the population from the catastrophic handling of COVID and economic woes by trying to look strong, as well as trying to get concessions from the US. The idea was that Putin was more likely to back down than to invade. And they were horribly off the mark on that one. Russia had bought into its own hype and the folks at the Kremlin were clueless about how (relatively) shit their military actually was. France should've just listened to the US but then again, if US intel on Putin's decisions and intentions turned out to be accurate throughout the whole thing, US intel on Russian military strenh was not as good as France's as it quite clearly overrated Russia (most have now forgotten it but US briefings were still predicting Russia blitzing its way through and Kyiv falling in days even hours after the invasion was launched)... The US probably had also discussed how the war would go with its allies, and as US intel totally went against what the DRM said about the Russian military, it may have led Macron to have reservations about US intel on Putin's intentions as well, despite it, as it turned out, being pinpoint accurate.