Okay on a side note I'm a huge fan of the Last Dab hot sauces though the last three batches of each of the original Last Dab, XXX and the Apollo have been a lot thinner than the originals were. Has that been the same experience with you?
Just for some context I'm a 47 yo lifetime Independent who doesn't like things about both parties and though I can't stand how far right the republicans are currently and the fact that they don't have any policies but only try to get votes by stoking culture wars, I know there's lots of us Independents who want fresh candidates for both sides and given a choice of a new face or Biden, the majority of independents (definitely not me though) will go with the new person.
Though I'm an independent the last thing I would want is ron or somebody like him to be our next president, I just don't think Biden gives the Democrats the best chance just because of past presidents being able to hold on to office just because they're the incumbent president, I don't think that will be a factor with somebody who's 82 and would be out of office when they're 86.
Honestly look at the big picture, without being able to get anything done in the next two years and with his age and being against (whether you like him or not) a fresher face in ron desantis, Biden does not have a better than average chance to win so all will be for not.
Would you say Biden at this point is still sharp, do you think he'll be any more sharp in 2 years and how will he look against the much younger ron?
But if Biden doesn't stand a chance of actually winning then what would any of what you just stated matter?
(5) I don't know who would win in a Biden vs. Ron, show down. 1st, we would have to see if Ron could beat his primary. Unknown. Nor, if anybody else could win against Ron. That's also unknown. I know Biden has the best chance of defeating him, because of his experience and leadership abilities.
If they dont, I feel like Biden wins reelection. And I dont see trump telling people to vote for Ron.
Ol Ron doesnt have the wit to really land on debate stages etc. The only unknown is if all the trump crazies will rally around him that leaves it up in the air at the moment.