I don't want the government making decisions about my coverage mainly because at some point the people making those decisions will be Republicans. I also don't like the current scheme of paying someone to make decisions that don't reflect what I want either though.
Private insurance and Government insurance don't have to be the only options. Just as the federal government helps fund community clinics, the federal government could encourage the creation of non-profit insurance organizations and offer federal funding to them to courage more public opinions and more choices. Just as Democrats support having Medicare negotiate down prescription prices, having more public competition aimed at valuing people over profit could have a big impact on reducing cost of health.
Simple question for anyone who opposes a single payer healthcare system: which do you think is a nobler motivation, public health or profit? Capitalism tells us that seeking profit inspires growth and innovation. In this case, the growth and innovation came from Mayo, a university, and it was denied by a profit driven insurance company. If healthcare is paid by the state, the motivation is public health because not caring for people’s health ends up costing the state as they age.
Unless you abolish Medicare, the government already plays a huge role in the healthcare of those who use most of it anyway. If everyone was on public insurance it would be even harder for Republicans along with corporate Democrats to weaken it. As it stands now they have been doing that to Medicare for decades, further privatizing it. Eventually you'll get your wish and no one will have publicly administered insurance. But that's not going to be an improvement. It will just mean worse prices for Americans.
Until people understand the role of corporate media in normalizing the brutality of our existence we are left with nothing to do but stack bodies to the sky waiting in the name of profits to multi national corporations.
But of course corporate media which is owned by the same people who own for-profit healthcare will never cover this issue in a way where the politicians beholden to healthcare lobbyists are radical or extreme or racist or mass murderers.
It’s still horrible, I know so many burned out medical professionals who are stuck between money hungry superiors and insurers who are more concerned about profits than the well being of the patients. It’s so egregious it’s sickening.