Beat me to it. A hallmark of fascist thinking is that the state must always be under threat from a foreign force/populace while simultaneously being superior to all foreign forces/populaces. It allows them to stoke paranoia in the public, convincing them to hand over more policing authority to the state, while simultaneously glorifying the nation and, by extent, every decision made by the state. It also excuses or justifies anything done to foreigners as they are inferior and would do worse so you can't be wrong for any kind of pre-emptive barbarism.
To be clear, the above isn't the sole defining trait of fascism, so while the above can apply to the USA to a degree, that doesn't make it fascist (yet. Try to keep Republicans out). Russia meets other criteria too.
And exactly how do you do that with Russia? Are you going to gain air superiority first? It's HUGE and can station bomber well away from it's capital.
We've got to assume that Russia can't throw 'everything it's got' at Ukraine because it's still worried about NATO happening on another front.
It would reveal NATO's hand, but then again, the whole point is threatening so that Belarus won't join the war or be a launchpad for another front.
But I've said this years ago many times to many downvotes; I sincerely doubt Russia would use nukes even if it goes to war with NATO, and same for NATO. The only situation where nukes may actually start dropping is when NATO forces approach Moscow or St. Petersburg, and that's as tactical nukes. Which yes, means nuking themselves.
I personally think that, if NATO interferes, the war would be over within weeks. Or at least '91 borders restored and the war forced into a stalemate by refusal to advance into recognized Russian territory until Russia decides to finally accept reality.
That average russian who’s never been abroad is already full of depression coming from putin’s betrayal with all those territory surrenders. I know some people who were all for the war in the beginning, but now they’re back to calling liliputin a sack of shit. This moron succeeded in putting literally all sides against his ass and he’s still breathing.