Simultaneously, the PRC had established its own search committee. Using a system called The Golden Urn, where three to five names on slips of paper are put into the urn and then one drawn out, they selected a different boy named Gyaincain Norbu to become the 11th Panchen Lama. This process excluded the Dalai Lama altogether.".
Well yes. It's like complimenting Poland when they're helping in the war against Russia. Poland has its human rights problems, but you can't deny that they're doing a good thing by helping Ukraine.
Where's the defence of China? Experiencing schadenfreude that the Catholic Church is feeling butt hurt isn't the same as making excuses for communist China.
Edit: apparently a lot of you take issue with me saying the Catholic Church isn't totalitarian or genocidal. I suppose I should clarify that I meant the CURRENT Catholic Church. Obviously the Catholic Church has been a force for great evil at several points in its history. Even today it has serious problems with corruption and scandals. But if you're going to accuse the current Vatican of genocide and totalitarianism you better be able to back it up. If you're going to blame Catholicism for millenium-old crimes then you also have to blame countries for all their crimes across history, in which case everyone should burn in hell. In regards to religions and cults, just because you think you're enlightened and know the truths of the universe doesn't mean every other set of beliefs is worthless or cult-like. You can't prove God isn't real anymore than you can prove he is. And you can't deny that, despite all the evil, religion has done a lot of good, too. Hospitals, schools, homes, etc are all things that were built primarily by religious organizations for centuries. Whether God is real or not, the belief in him has helped countless people with mental health struggles and continues to do so today.
Child molesters need to be punished, whether they wear a cross around their neck or not. The Catholic Church's record of defending, protecting, and excusing monsters who abuse their positions as priests is absolutely vile and needs to be seriously addressed.
The Catholic Church has a lot of problems, but totalitarianism and genocide are not two of them. Calling them a cult is also disingenuous. A cult is different than a religion because it does not allow non-members to know about its beliefs, because it uses coercion and intimidation to gain and retain members, because it usually requires members to pay money, and because it has little to no tolerance for other beliefs. Scientology is a prime example. But the Catholic Church? No.