Real nuclear warheads need codes to be armed. I hope that would make a rocket artillerist stop and think about what he's doing.
Probably more of missile to hope distract. If they are running low the only way they can beat the AA is to over whelm it. So you can shoot these dummy rockets hoping a real cruise missile gets through while the AA is shooting the dummy rocket.
This missile is very similar to Russian cruise missiles carrying conventional warheads; I don't think there's a way to tell them apart while they're in the air. I'm sure intelligence services are doing a lot to keep track of which kind of missile Russia is launching but ultimately it's impossible to know for sure until either the warhead goes off or the missile is shot down and examined (as in this case). So the issue isn't that this missile might have been a real nuke, it's that any missile Russia fires might be a real nuke. Many NATO missiles are also capable of carrying either conventional or nuclear warheads; this is one reason any direct engagement between NATO and Russia would be so dangerous.
Given that Russia is using Soviet tech which is definitely less safe than American counterparts I wouldn't trust the world-as-we-know-it to the safety of Soviet nuclear arming devices. If they mislaunch a fucking nuclear payload (who knows how deep the Russian incompetence runs) that for some reason arms during impact we will see a nuclear strike.
Well, technically not "any" since some of the stuff they fire is not capable of delivering nuclear warheads, but the point stands.
There is however, a clear difference between cruise missiles like this one (which would generally carry a "tactical" nuke) and ballistic missiles (which would carry a "strategic" nuke, the sort people think about when they imagine the end of the world via nuclear war). Even a nuclear-armed cruise missile isn't going to destroy NATO's ability to retaliate so it can be given the benefit of the doubt rather than calling for the sort of "launch before the enemy's missiles hit" response that a ballistic missile might.