I believe this would fall under the authority of the secretary of education. I could be mistaken. Not a legal expert. But if millionaire members of congress can have PPP loans forgiven at the tax payers expense then 10 to 20k of relief from the money trap called student loans... for people living paycheck to paycheck, hello most of America, is the least they can do with the most trying economic times of this past 50yrs. The Beatles said it best...HELP If we can give tax breaks to billionaire owners and PPP loans to W. Buffett and Spaceman Musk then....duuugghhh If the Republicans were actually smart instead of hurtful and hateful they would take a long look at this country and say yes ...Yes! Its a good idea but it doesnt go far enough. We can do more and better. We can wipe out all student debt. ALL STUDENT DEBT. An educated general population is a good idea and can only increase a nations productivity, innovation, creativity, prosperity, power and influence. It is a positive, enabling thing. As they say" give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach a man to fish and he will eat for a lifetime." How is it that the whole of civilization in Europe has figured out that education can be provided to all and health care too. A fair tax system can provide enough revenue and resources to provide for its taxed individuals, education, Healthcare, a robust infrastructure, a strong military and a social retirement wage so that any citizen can live and die with dignity. The most powerful nation to ever exist should be setting the standard of living and seeking to further raise it ever higher and lift up its citizens instead of this divisive game of Economically ( manipulated by billionaire Space Karens) and political Keystone Cops,where its almost a game of which state can elect the most useless tool to represent them, we can and must do better. This nation should always be that beacon on the hill.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Possibly. But the GOP sure isn’t doing anything to help the cause. Basically ‘rules for thee and not for me’.