If it's not out of the womb and capable of being viable outside the womb it's not a living breathing person. People can try and disagree with that based on their personal feelings but to move forward as a society we need to accept that the life of the living, breathing woman carrying the fetus has more value then that of a fetus.
Society also needs to accept that forcing women to carry a fetus to term and birthing it does not add positive value to the community. Every child forced to be born into a family that didn't want it, couldn't afford it, or lost their mother because of it suffers mental, physical, and/or sexual abuse. We cannot say we value the life of the fetus if society doesn't give a damn what life that fetus will live. There's already an overabundance of unwanted and heavily abused children in the world and adding extra burden to that system does not show love or compassion for the lives of children. Anyone who argues for pro-birth without even attempting to fix the broken system that fails those unwanted children being forcefully birthed are not compassionate or god fearing people. They're abusive monsters who only care about their personal agendas instead of the consequences suffered by innocents at the hands of their choice to force laws against abortion.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Then how about a gender neutral law that protects a person's right to abortion, a person's say over the care/treatment of their reproductive system (like sterilization), hormone medicine (like hormonal birth control), non hormonal medicine in regards to a person's reproductive system, the right to life saving medicine regardlesss of one's ability to procreate, the right to medicine that helps/mitigates life debilitating conditions regardless of one's ability to procreate, and finally the right to life saving measures regardless of the impact on a viable fetus in a timely fashion.