In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Republicans tend to underestimate voters. When the economy crashes because they were being thoughtless and antagonistic only their base is going to stand up for it. There is a solid chunk of voters in this country that help decide elections every year and although they may only make up 10 to 20% of the population at any given time. That's all it takes to shift an election outcome. They'll continue losing more and more if this is how they're going to be and just because 30 to 40% of the nation eats it up and probably blames Biden. We all know the truth. He's doing the best he can frankly. This is like thinking the Pittsburgh Steelers would be a Superbowl contender this past season if they only had the right coach. We aren't as strong as we used to be but that's not the end of the World.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
It's infuriating. It's insane that we aren't taught at least the very basics of this sort of thing in high school. All the conversations surrounding things like the debt limit are intentionally obfuscated. Every single news agency doesn't report on it accurately. And no politicians seem to be willing to explain to people what government debt even means.
Lot of people have a vested interest in making sure that American citizens think that for governments works the same way as household debt. They think that government income and expenses work in even remotely the same sort of way as they do for an individual with a job and so much money coming in and so much money going out.
Discharge petition. With 218 signatures a bill cannot be advanced immediately to the House floor for a full vote and the Speaker can’t do anything to stop it. This can be used for a clean debt ceiling bill.