It was heavily pushed by Germany, not the U.S. Their motto is 'Wechsel durch Wandel', which literally means change through trade. Since the early 2000s Germany has been fixated on that idea with Russia, as they have seen that happen for real with the way they dealt post-WWII with France, where their steel co-op would eventually develop into the precursor of the EU. They, and the entire membership of the EU today, had experienced enough to seek the lessening of the potential again for war on the continent by the major powers that led to war-ravaged continent twice in the span of a couple decades and some change. So, in their mind it made sense that building tight economic relationships with former Warsaw Pact nations and Russia that this would avert the potential for another war, as who would want to give up hard-earned and -fought economic gains, prosperity and increases in quality of living for imperialistic war?
I don't see how. I don't see how there's anything immoral about helping another country with a costly and dangerous endeavor while wanting something in return down the road. That's typically how international relationships work.
It was naive, 100%. Putin's Russia had shown itself to be a bad faith actor in the geopolitical arena since minimum 2008, though certainly before. They've been helping the Taliban on/off since shortly after the U.S. invaded Afghanistan and split their attention with Iraq, which the U.S. understood to be par for the course given the support the Mujahideen received during the Soviet's ill-fated invasion of Afghanistan, yet Russia hasn't been keen on doing anything that seems to elevate Western Democracy/US hegemony, excepting for where it must to keep appearances, at the international level since pretty much Putin came into office. He blames the West, and the U.S. especially, with the fall of the Soviet Union, which he considers to be the greatest tragedy of the 20th century and a had injustice. Of course he would take advantage, as only a strongman/one-party government can, of the liberalization of the world following the Fall. This applies just as much to China, who has woven themselves as a stark authoritarian government and country into the central fabric of the entire global economy through its cheap, plentiful labor and willingness of the government to turn use its people to achieve their own geopolitical objectives as set by their party, and now Xi.
Oh my. REALLY? The imperial military industrial complex got involved in a war for Profit?? Say it isn’t Sooooo.
Europe: depends entirely on Russian gas despite it being wholly supplied by an erratic authoritarian.
Duh. The US has never gotten involved in a war unless it directly benefits us economically in the long run. It’s about money, power and influence. The lives are just resources to utilize. We have 100 conflicts to choose from like levels in a video game, so we obviously pick the most profitable. I can’t believe this is news to anyone.