r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
How, exactly, would national security legislation be crafted by direct democracy while maintaining NATIONAL SECURITY? Leave it all to POTUS and the executive branch?
While the embedded link is an interesting read, the authors completely ignore the how of how our current political situation happened, completely ignoring gerrymandering, voter caging, voter intimidation, and all the other voter suppression techniques the Republican Party uses with great frequency and usually with great results (for them). There are more citizens in the US that identify as Democrats or leaning democratic, but due to all the methods Republicans use to squash the will or desire of the voters, conservative voters have more input on elections than their numbers should allow. Couple that with the fact that a large number of conservative voters are grossly uninformed (fact: people who only watch Fox News know less about political issues than those who don't watch any news at all), and conservative voters allow themselves to be manipulated via emotional tropes and other supposed "issues" that rarely impact their daily lives, and this leads to getting outrageous candidates like MTG, Bobert, Gatez, Gomert and the others of the idiotocracy elected.
eesh. Take your damn upvote. Personally I have never voted for a Brazilian white supremacist, and anti trans drag artist, a pathological liar wholly unqualified to govern, someone who steals from sick dogs, or anyone who uses Jewish names to up their go fund me haul...but clearly someone has. It's the direct result of shitting on public schools for 30 years. An entire nation of dullards who can't count change, think the world is flat, and type "alot.".
For conservative voters, some of them enjoy the dysfunctional approach, not realizing that the candidates they elected would throw those very voters under the bus if they get the chance to cut Social Security, Medicare and other social structures that all Red states rely on, so they honestly believe that what is starting to happen is what is needed to happen. Personally, I almost wish there was some sort of civics test that voters would be required to pass in order to be able to vote. But that would also eliminate a lot of Republican candidates ...
Gerrymandering is a mechanism. The cause is SAFE DISTRICTS, that is, districts in which the primary election is the one which matters. As long as those are the rule (over 85% of districts are NOT competitive), don't expect improvement.