During the Cold War, the concept of the First World (NATO, Japan, and their allies) and the Second World (the Soviet Union, much of Eastern Europe, China, Cuba, much of Southeast Asia, North Korea, Ethiopia, and others at various different times) emerged. The Third World comprised non-aligned countries (most of South Asia, Latin America, Africa as well as Sweden, Finland, Ireland, and other neutral countries). The term Third World today has evolved to refer to poor countries, as much of the Third World was underdeveloped, though there were poor and rich countries in every World. Today, we have Russia and China each attempting to build the foundation of their own blocs. They flirt with each other, but each imagines it will dominate the other in an opposition bloc. The real situation is Russia is a proverbial island with Belarus, and the same is true with China and North Korea. It hardly compares to the huge blocs that existed during the Cold War and is certainly not a unified front or clearly divided blocs. Acknowledging that China and Russia are clearly making moves to build their own blocs and suggesting that we try to avoid that is certainly not tantamount to "suggesting a new Cold War.".
If you think that "territorial annexation" is the primary or sole problem in the Ukraine war, in exclusion of, say, starting a potentially years-long war, killing civilians, destroying cropland and livelihoods, torture, displacement, all under the pretense of "liberation," while trying to take effective control of a foreign nation's political, military and economic resources, then I guess "annexation" is a big deal here. It just seems kind of disingenuous. It's like we are supposed to zone in on the one detail where American action isn't the same as what Russia is doing in Ukraine, despite countless other similarities, for most of which the US has ultimately done worse than Russia has to date.
4. Pressure BongBong Marcos to abandon his China slant and reopen US bases alongside upgrade packages for the AFP.
Absolutely, dude. You opposed funding the German military at the NATO- minimum 2% of GDP your entire life, resulting in a sad, under-prepared for-show military. Now you’re playing catch-up, and will have to invest heavily for 10 years while your economy tanks and inflation and currency rates make those US weapons systems eye-wateringly expensive.