In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
I know! I was fairly confident that Whitmer would prevail, and that 3 would pass but I was still really anxious yesterday. As it became clear what had happened i literally cried a little. I love this place so much and to be the vanguard of rejecting conservative extremism makes me so happy. Even my local school district rejected the right wing kooks.
Pretty accurate. I’m 31 next week so just over the cusp of what you defined, but yeah, I don’t want to talk on the phone to people I know, let alone people I don’t know.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Democrats won Michigan because it was ungerrymandered by an independent commission established by ballot initiative: that isn’t possible in most Republican states, because the legislature will never give up their power by creating an independent commission, and ballot initiatives aren’t possible under their state constitution.
Oh for sure. But the number of cities / counties in the entire nation that have decriminalized psilocybin is around 10 or so. SE Michigan represents a chunk of those very few.
That election also protected voting rights through ballot initiative: now the 2022 election passed initiatives making it even easier to vote (9 early voting days, absentee voting in all elections, ballot dropboxes, etc); 2) protecting abortion in the state constitution; and 3) creating stricter term limits in the legislature (12 combined years instead of 6 years in House+8 years in Senate) and requiring yearly financial disclosure reports for legislators and executive officials.
Lol yeah rec weed here is amazing. Ann Arbor, Washtenaw County and I believe Detroit all decriminalized psilocybin as well! That goes to show how extremely progressive this area is — definitely a progressive bastion in the Midwest.