To those who wonder "why": Much of the gasoline in our cars today comes from India which buys Russian oil at bargain basement prices (reportedly way less than the cap). This is exactly why we're not paying $8/gallon.
Why would the right wing hate the West, the right wing government has been the most West friendly government we have had, also for the putin support, Indian citizens have a great knack to always pick the worst possible person to rally behind and thankfully our government does not give into that as an example there was immense support for chairman mao in many parts of India(even non communist ones) back in 62, when we were fighting a war with them, there was support for Saddam Hussein during Iraq war (public not governmental), etc. And i think that is because they have not studied history well enough i mean dumbasses like to repeat the 71 line but forget that from 61 to 67 the US was supporting India, they forget that US has provided a lot of food aid during the early famines and helped in the green revolution. And the fact that the anti Western narrative was started by the left wing ( Indira Gandhi was a hardline socialist that killed a significant chunk of our private sector that has grown because people even during Nehru's era had realised that market economy is a good idea and were experimenting with it) which these idiots have lapped up.
What? Like seriously , WHAT? I don’t think Jaishankar at any point said America bad. He pointed out that India is a sovereign nation capable of making decisions for their population, and that India should not be expected to always align with what Europe or the west wants. That is so not the same as being anti west. Whether that’s right or wrong, cheap oil has been critical for India, so they did what’s in the best interest for the country. Also, Modi being equated to Putin. For all the hate Modi gets, that’s so not the apt comparison. If India was supporting Russia, it would’ve been more obvious, not going their way coz they’re getting oil and resources far cheaper than the market rate.