Yes, it would be an invitation by Israel, Saudi and the US to come to Kurdistan aid, destroy Iranian nuclear facilities and legitimize it by protecting freedom in Iraqi Kurdistan.
No. The handover included a treaty which said China would respect "One Country Two Systems" for 50 years after the handover. They reneged and clamped down a decade ahead of schedule.
Now let’s look at the current tensions most of the US public was been neutral or unfriendly to iran(not to the point of let’s go to war) Iraq since the invasion has proven willing to fight for their country as shown in the fight against ISIS, as well as long standing American ties with the Kurds since we entered the region in 2001(until trump fucked it up) now the Kurdish American relations are extremely mendable especially if Iranian troops enter their lands so there is one nation and one ethnic group that are willing to fight and let’s be real here with the devestation from the last war with Iran I doubt there is much good will on top of that this means the US doesn’t have to worry about staging as we have Iraq, Kuwait and Saudi to send troops from as well as a constant slew of ships in the area, second Iran is under extreme turmoil with the protests and the government shooting people in the streets which means if there is direct US involvement and we don’t stop at the border and force a peace we already have local support on the ground and this includes the people, politicians and government employees who support them but remain silent for their safety and those who see opportunities of a post Islamic Iran making the job a lot easier with a surplus of bureaucrats clamoring for a job, now I will admit the US fucked this up in Iraq with banning any Baathist party officials office in Iraq however Iraq never had dissent at this scale which means even the most harsh screening for a post war government will give them plenty of people.
Let them cry. The middle east can ask for their support in dealing with psychotic dictators. Oh wait they are run by those too.
It would be a lot less bloody I’d say this time mainly since I don’t see the US staying out of that with Iraq having US troops still in the country and keen interests on Iraq continuing on the path it is, like so far they’ve stabilized a decent bit and still are operating a function democracy even if it is imperfect and Iraq is on the way granted early on, on becoming a stable country then of course the US wouldn’t want more Iranian influence in the ME with thier habit of propping up groups like HAMAS and such.
Like I don’t see the US hanging Iraq out to dry especially considering it would revert everything we did in building the republic there and two that would be way to much Iranian influence than anyone would want and yeah Iran was that neutral country a few years ago but the alliance with Russia with how both regimes have been acting I don’t think many in the US would just like to see Iran push into Iraq but I do hope the constant US mission in training thier military will prove effective as it has in the Ukraine however historically most Arab countries have kept their military weak so let’s see if that changed god forbid it happens.
Let the middle east figure their own shit out. It's not the western world's problem. Any time the West interferes they end up being the bad guy anyway. Last thing we need is another war over there.