In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Thank you! DeSantis grabs flashy headlines because of his antics, and he’s able to read a teleprompter, but he has the charisma of a third grader who didn’t learn his lines for the school play. He’s going to debate trump, and trump will accuse him of being secret best friend with Fidel Castro or whatever and DeSantis will have a milk toast response and look weak and the base will turn on him.
Absolutely. The GQP use anything and everything to generate hate and outrage. Then they feed it to the base of angry FOX grandpa boomers. YOUR way of life is deteriorating and disappearing They want YOUR freedoms taken away from YOU Who? Who would do this? Those left wing freaks of course. Those sick America hating elites who wanted you to mask up everywhere while they destroyed OUR economy by shutting everything down. YOUR guns, YOUR rights, hell even YOUR gas stoves. Freedom hating liberals and the untermensch crossing the border infecting OUR great country like a disease that needs to be walled off. THE GROOMERS. The filthy degenerate GROOMERS are doing this to YOUR country Will YOU let them? Will YOU be a sheep? Or will YOU and people like YOU that have been truly oppressed save OUR once great nation and make US GREAT AGAIN Now you get to be part of a tribe thats on the side of the angels. There has to be an enemy. And that enemy has to be a vile contemptible disgusting OTHER.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Yeah, DeSantis is dangerous because he’s legitimately intelligent. Filled with hate, but intelligent. He can get stuff done. Trump has jello for brains and mostly made moves to stroke his ego or deepen his pockets.