I have problems also with clicking on an article from Reddit. I go to google, do a search and able to access the article. Why do news sites hate Reddit?
Trump didn’t slow it down , Covid ,yeah maybe it slowed things down, there are plenty of workers, but they have become enlightened and are no longer allowing to be treated as slaves, and everyone matters, I am retired now, but when I had a job , it was supposed to be a career , I was a Treads Generalist, for a local County Entity , I won’t mention which Entity , because I’m rather embarrassed because they have problems counting ballot votes . I gave my full attention and poured my heart and sole into the job, I had always excelled at anything I did and in past jobs, I quickly moved up into Supervisory and Management positions, but not the County, they were and still are the largest employer of Phoenix area, and the lowest paying . I was mid-classified when I first took the position in 2008 and was making $12.18 an hour, The Manager told all supervisors and managers that there was a hiring freeze and wage freeze when I first began working there , we were always being suppressed and held down , if you complained about your wages, you were told that be happy that you have a job , if you don’t like it you are free to go work somewhere else , there are. 100people standing in line waiting for your job. After 10 years of making my job my main priority in life , I ate , drank, slept , that job I continued my education and became certified in anything I could get a certification in. I then put in to be reclassified under my correct title and job duties. The prior requests were denied by HR. About 1-1/2 years before I had a stroke and caused me to retire early at 62, I was approved for the reclassification and bumped up in pay to the starting wage of the job I had been doing for almost 10 years, $15.20 an hour, yet each year I am pretty sure the board was receiving raises or kickbacks some type of Salary increase, I was not aware of how toxic the work environment was , but I know I was always stressed out as every work request I got was an emergency. I was required to go above and beyond and I was not allowed to say NO to any request that was asked of me by the working staff at the main admin building. , If I had been paid a decent wage from the start and treated as if My input mattered, I would probably still be there, stressed out, hungry, tired , burned out, and eventually end up with a nervous breakdown, Employers need to stop bullying the workers and allow some flexibility and a decent wage. The record profits the major companies are making is because of the workers , so instead of the CEO, getting 5 to 15 Million in bonuses the profits should be split and bonuses given to the workers . We have been played so many times by the wealthy few that run the world , and we are still being played with and lied to , so let the CEO’s sell off a couple of their summer homes .
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Well-qualified workers are basically fully employed already. The only way to find them is to pry them away from their current employer with crazy-town offers.