In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
I can't. There is only one police report on file ever for the abuse from 1990, and when law enforcement and state involvement ended within a week of that, the abuse got ratcheted up in retaliation so I wouldn't tell my teachers again. They were careful enough to never injure me in a way that couldn't be hidden in a t-shirt and pants and never took me to the hospital for any inflicted injuries. That means there was never anything on record. My father would attack me, and then my mother would sit there tending me while saying the whole time that I shouldn't have provoked him. Like, htf does a 7yo provoke a fully grown adult to violence??
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Exactly. I have no issue with that. It's the fact that as an LGBT ex-mormon, it's easy to see this was all just PR and political jockeying. No really church position or policies with change. The statement was 100% for show.
North Carolina General Statutes 51-6 Solemnization without license unlawful "No minister, officer, or any other person authorized to solemnize a marriage under the laws of this State shall perform a ceremony of marriage between a man and woman, or shall declare them to be husband and wife, until there is delivered to that person a license for the marriage of the said persons, signed by the register of deeds of the county in which the marriage license was issued or by a lawful deputy or assistant." 51-7 Penalty "Every minister, officer, or any other person authorized to solemnize a marriage under the laws of this State, who marries any couple without a license being first delivered to that person, as required by law,... shall forfeit and pay two hundred dollars ($200.00) to any person who sues therefore, and shall also be guilty of a Class 1 misdemeanor." (ie up to 120 days in jail).
My state should and could easily be the first to pass legislation banning corporal discipline in all learning environments regardless of the setting and bar any cirricula that encourage or prescribe it from accreditation.
Sorry, you're wrong. Maybe there is somewhere this is true, but there are definitely jurisdictions were that is illegal without a license.