In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
She got money. Not pushing the stereotype that Jews only care about money. Republicans do. Because...
Correlational and standard regression analysis confirmed that for this sample scores on authoritarianism and religious fundamentalism were positively correlated, with scores on authoritarianism significantly related to those on ethnic and racial prejudice, and punitiveness.
Thanks for the reply. I'm not really familiar with the various sects of Judaism and which ones are more or less conservative. I only know that there are progressive secular Jews, many of whom I consider cultural and political heroes, and religious Jews, which I assume to be right wing, mostly due to the highly successful propaganda efforts of groups like AIPAC and the hasbara that jumps into any online discussion of Israel/Palestine/Zionism. Even J-Street, who seem to be basically pretty decent folks, call themselves "pro Israel" and call for a "de-militarized state of Palestine", which seems kind of patronizing towards the Palestinians. A true, independent state must be able to 100% fully exist just like any other state, with, among other things, a navy, airforce and army, and the legal right to defend themselves from Israeli agression.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
vmPFC patients reported significantly higher authoritarianism and religious fundamentalism than the other groups. The degrees of authoritarianism and religious fundamentalism in the vmPFC group were significantly higher than normative values, as well; by contrast, the comparison groups did not differ from normative values. Moreover, vmPFC patients reported increased specific religious beliefs after brain injury.