Don't beat yourself up for feeling this way. In WW2 American soldiers had to go fight Nazi's in Europe. They had to endure the brutality of that war, the death much like the Ukrainians now against Russian Nazi's. In WW2 Americans fought, saw their friends maimed and killed and grew ever more weary. Then they found concentration camps used to industrially exterminate Jews and others. Hardened men fighting for months or years hardened by the brutality of war could not believe what they were witnessing. War is depraved and cruel but this was just beyond comprehension. These soldiers endured huge burdens to end the most organized human depravity ever witnessed in modern history. Their role was heroic but they had to witness the degeneracy of the Nazi's first hand often resulting in a mental fatigue like you and others feel now. They suffered so that others could be freed, to destroy a regime so groteque they could not imagine, then had to bear the mental scars which took a long time to go away. The individual soldier in such a large operation probably felt their individual contribution to be small, not that significant, but it was. Every small effort together added up to a huge valiant effort to crush human evil unlike we had ever seen. We thought this could not happen again, Nazi's? Today? Everyone has seen the history, no animal like Hitler could happen today! Then there was Putin. Yup, never again sadly has become just "again". The rapes, the torture, senseless loss of life. We look back proudly at those individual members of the WW2 military, hold them all as heroes in a giant group heroic effort and they were. Now we are seeing this horror today with Russian Nazi's, and you have been here to help inform multitudes so that we can all press to make sure our leaders do the right thing to fight this evil. People need knowledge to be motivated to do that and you have helped provide that. May not feel like you have done much, but the individual soldier in WW2 didn't feel like he did that much often times either but they did as you are now. You will be able to look back when this is over and say "I did something", "I helped fight the Russian Nazi's", and you have. It takes an e motional toll though, just like the soldiers liberating concentration camps. Witnessing this kind of human depravity takes a toll on our human psyches. Vermin like Putin count on good people being broken down by his Nazi depravity, to give up like Russians do, so he can do as he wants. They don't do war crimes by accident, it is by design to break the will of good people. It takes a toll. You have withstood almost a year of dealing with helping inform on this depravity.
Not necessarily. The initial invasion force didn't even have it's MREs on hand because they traded them away for vodka. They'll send these guys out with just enough and tell them to live off the land by looting civilian homes and capturing cities.