Congress is known for its partisan politics and gridlock, but what if there are opportunities for more legislative progress? My recent research has focused on congressional committees, the legislative concourse for bills in Congress. From insider interviews to examining the language used in hearings, I have evaluated how committees operate and what they can do to help make for a more productive Congress.
Hi! Is there a committee on "congressional dysfunction"? and i'm not asking kiddingly - other than the GAO (which helps congress with facts/audits) is there any auditing done to Congress? It seems that all they do is throw the ball around and argue back & forth. It would be nice if there was actually an Congress Accountability Act demanding that at least 50% of required decision-making is actually accomplished.
Hi Maya. Fellow Americanist here. I do political psych and behavior of the public. Just wanted to say thanks for doing an AMA. We should be doing more of these. I look forward to reading through this thread.
Committee assignment processes are complicated and relatively opaque. Many factors such as fundraising, party unity, political positions, and personal relationships affect the process. In recent decades party leaders have been more powerful in this process. Assignments are made through "steering committees." These steering committees were established in the mid 20th Century as instruments of the party leadership with the authority to decide on the chair and membership of each committee. These steering committees, which include the party leader and other prominent party members, remain powerful institutions in the third decade of the twenty-first century. In the 1990s, Newt Gingrich doubled the number of votes of party speaker on the steering committee, further solidifying party leadership control. Though some instances (like the ones you mentioned) make headlines, the reality is that there are many other assignments that we know little about (other than the fact that parties and party leaders are in charge.).
With the shift or elevation in wild rhetoric over the past several years, and with so much obvious public absurdity happening with so many of the newer Congress men and women, particularly on the Republican side and in their media, 1) how do they keep straight faces and work together without altercation, even within committees and hearings; 2) what is the behind-the-scenes demeanor like recently, and has it shifted or diminished as it should.
Great question! In 2019, the House of Representatives started the Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress in order to introspect. The committee made many recommendations on ways Congress could improve itself as an institution. Many of these recommendations (on issues ranging from tech to staffing to onboarding of members) were implemented. The 118th Congress has now made this a permanent subcommittee of the House Administration Committee, allowing space for Congress to introspect in a more permanent way.
Committee hearings are all (with the exception of classified topics like the House Intelligence Committee) public record. This allows for transparency. Any citizen can watch hearings and access all witness testimony.