In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Exactly. It seems like a knowingly cynical maneuver to me. But it may have been what was necessary to get the GOP senators on board.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Absolutely. There are Christian denominations that will perform marriage ceremonies for gay couples in their churches. (For example: Trinity Church in Copley Square in Boston, which is often mistaken for a cathedral, although it is Episcopalian.) There are denominations that are welcoming.
In the case of my good friends, they did happen to be in a denomination that is welcoming to queer people. (For one of them, not all of his family is; some are in a much more conservative church, and that's been a point of friction over time, obviously, since he switched churches, although he switched churches long before he came out, even.).
It’s the reason why alcohol is federally decriminalized but not federally legalized; if it was federally legalized dry counties and cities in red states would not be able to exist because the federal government legalizing alcohol would prevent them from banning alcohol in small towns.
Holy shit. Capito voted for it? She’s one of my senators and I might take a day off from contacting her office about her bullshit lies…… nah. I will thank her for doing one decent thing.
But, I do kind of understand being raised in a faith and coming to an understanding of that faith that you strongly believe is correct (for example: that a policy of homophobia is a church saying it is rejecting something that God created; or that Jesus's teachings supercede the cherry-picked details from the OT used to declare alternative sexualities an abomination, etc.). And, then, becoming stubborn and wanting to stand up against the others in your church/denomination, rather than be driven out. (Heck, it riles \me\ up, and if I actually had any faith, I could understand making the decision to fight.).