In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Exactly. Couple of migrant workers who had nothing to do with this are gonna get years in prison while he walks free. That's a purely irrational guess on my part but it's on brand.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
FYI, “Highly confidential” isn’t a government security classification. Government security classifications are Confidential, Secret and Top Secret only, with additional markings related to access and handling such as special access program (SAP), special compartmented information (SCI), and a few others by used by various agencies.
That makes sense. The problem was not knowing if the newspaper you were seeking out had a front page headlines saying stuff like “Leaked Classified info says…” with a copy of parts of the document in the body. It was a really weird problem.
For former presidents, generally their only access is on a need-to-know basis, such as representing the current administration somewhere or traveling overseas when they’ll get a classified version of a security briefing and up to date CVs and probably some additional intel info on the people they will be meeting. Depending on the relationships, some may be asked to advise on various situations that may involve classified information. Otherwise they stay out of each other’s business, recognize their role as a former president is to keep their nose out of the current and future administration’s business unless specifically asked by those administrations, keep their thoughts to themselves, and move on with their lives, or at least they all did until this last one.
You sure? I thought it could be for people with active or expired clearances to look at stuff they aren’t cleared for. I remember the Snowden leaks in the newspapers causing troubles for active duty folks that read them, but maybe it’s just a military/veteran thing.