I think in his age and elderly consciousness, he wants to reverse the harm he’s supported in the past. And instill a pathway for future political enthusiasts to actually see their participation in politics as not just a rich white or rich boys club. At least that’s what I’d imagine he would want as a defining aspect of his legacy. Supporting Barrack as President, and then bringing up Kamala as his second mate, truly shows he has been paving the way for color in this “Whyte” house. Now I’d love to see Latino and Native Indigenous and Asian American representatives in all aspects of executive, judicial and legislative hierarchy. As well as feminine representation in all these ethnic demographics in high places in government and business. The glass ceiling needs to collapse and in its stead is an integrity and intention safety net put in place. That if you hold your integrity and have good intent, with dedication and pursuit of benefiting your constituents and communities you serve, you should by all means reach the highest capacity and caliber of office, in political repertoire, and business title and rank. Same with the armed forces. If your truly about achieving your assignments, and execute exceptional ability, you should be granted the highest medals and ranks with the highest of honors. No matter your race or class. If you put in the work, are determined, and hold integrity to your unit and command, you should be able to gain all the highest accolades. All this is too often sugar coated with a few when there are many who are deserving. Who by mere generic faults do not get the recognition and rank they should. The race dynamic and class dynamic of armed forces, business relationships, and political office have been for centuries, a rich white mans club. And only recently have wealthy men of color been able to helm the reigns of power. America was built off the backs of immigrants and the discrimination and disenfranchisement of the indigenous. Until those bones are buried, we cannot exhume moral authority over anyone else in this world, or say that we are the bastion of freedom we claim to be.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
With internal reviews, and external enforcement, will there be prosecutions and restitution benefits for those who have continually been discriminated, disenfranchised, devalued, and demoralized? Is the fundamental function of government enforcement of laws? And why is it that the enforcement of law and order is too often double standardized, with golden parachutes for those who can afford to avoid indictment??? Cuz when all this is publicly addressed I would start believing in American Democracy. If all these things were to actually hold checks and balances to the state apparatus and how it functions. I would sign up to actually add to the state instead of resist it as vehemently as I do.