I copied for you "The Council voted against a delay. China, Russia, Pakistan, Venezuela and other nations spoke against the removal of Iran from the Commission.".
Dissolving the UN would massively destabilize world politics and terminate many humanitarian projects. This might be the dumbest take I’ve seen on Reddit.
I also imagine that there's usually not a lot of impetus within the UN to go out of their way to deliberately remove a bad actor from their position on any given Council's Commission, because membership in these Commission is not a permanent affair - they have set terms they're voted in for, different member states can be elected/rotated in to replace them upon their term just naturally expiring. Given that the purpose of the UN is, well, diplomacy there's probably a lot of member states who are happy to just let people quietly serve out their term as an inconsequential voice screeching into the aether and just opposing their re-election in the next vote (rather than creating a diplomatic incident by overtly ousting them.).
The UN exists solely as a formal mechanism, that all members have agreed upon, which facilitates the collective efforts of its members to engage with each other and coordinates the agreed upon actions of member states.
Yep! Contrary to the gloom and doom of the news reel, we're living in a period of time where the majority of the world is getting (slowly but reliably) incrementally more progressive in terms of general liberties and equality - and also in what I believe is the second longest period of general peace (i.e., no open conflict between two major world powers) in recorded human history?
You don't seem to get it. The member countries of the UN run the council, they establish rules and procedures, they vote other countries in, and can vote them out. They can debate, adopt, and endorse relevant matters as it pertains to their mandate. Countries do that, not the UN. The UN secretariat facilitates such councils by ensuring member states rights, privileges, and obligations are upheld. They officially record the actions of the council for all UN members to see. They provide legal, procedural, and policy resources to the countries. They provide translation/transcription services. All the functional aspects of holding council meetings and disseminating the information. What they don't do is vote, make decisions on the substantive content of the council, or have any say in how individual countries decide to act.