I just traveled around the country for 10 days in August. Lima. Cusco. Sacred Valley. Nearly every place I went served different, unique flavors. I dream of it often.
Obeying an undemocratically instituted constitution is undemocratic. Obeying the democratic 1933 or more relevant 1978 constitution would be.
Corruption isn't an inherently incomparable individual subjective experience like disease, discrimination, tragedy, etc. It can be measured in total amount of bribes, damage to economy, loss to gdp, etc.
First of all, it's not just supporters of Castillo protesting, apparently some people think these are all Castillo's followers, and the article is not very clear imo it kinda tries to make you believe that these are Castillo's followers as a whole or the whole country supporting Castillo, when in fact there's 3 factions, 1) Castillo's followers demanding for him to be freed or worse to be reinstated as president, 2) people demanding elections and for Boluarte to leave power, 3) people demanding for a punishment for Castillo and for his party to be dissolved.
It's true in Spain as well. The Head of State at the time Juan Carlos disolved parliament in 2016. He wasn't taken out in cuffs.
a) I'm not from the US b) corruption level is actually measured by various organizations and statistics comparing countries published regularly because it is in fact measurable c) this is about a democratic election process where by definition every individual (vote) is valued equally, comparable to other democracies.
The article makes it sound like it but it's not like that. They're upset for many reasons, including that people want new elections, some of Castillo's followers are being violent and also people protesting that feel like Castillo is not going to receive an actual punishment and it's going to run away. Basically things are complicated and everyone's got a reason to protest for something. But it's certainly not for 1 sole reason and certainly not solely for Castillo's impeachment.