The only thing can do is make DeSantis “look” weak to have a chance to win the Republican nomination. Doesn’t matter how weak the Donald is, by the transitive property, DeSantis (aka, DeSanctimonious) would be seen as just a trinket Donald collected and pulls out of his pocket to spite on his way to the nomination. For DeSantis to win, he has to point back to “Sleepy Joe” (aka, Dark Brandon) whoopin’ his ass and all his disciples. If DeSantis wins the nomination, Dems point to him as Donald Trump, Jr-Jr and connect all three to be of the same moral cloth of lesser and lesser quality and prone to failures and indictments. Tie them altogether so that one’s downfall is all of theirs. Connect them against their will and the harder they try to separate themselves, the tighter they make themselves. They’re all blow hards that point the Republicans the wrong way while they squabble and muddy their waters for voters to split. Sow the seed of the path of the Third Party for trump and DeSantis to take, keep the pressure on and let their platform fragment together because they’re still interwoven to each other. DeSantis doesn’t have a chance without the 2016 Trump dna in his platform and the more he turns on DeSantis, the more DeSantis’ platform gets denatured. What does Jr have to do with all of this? Jr is a barb of misgivings that when mentioned with daddy or desanctimonious will slowly implode the runners the closer they get to Election Day. Make it so that when either make an announcement, Donald and Jr-Jr made it together, make no distinction between any of them, they are a United front of a three-headed beast that speaks more desperately to be heard over the roar of the next head, a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, in the end, signifying nothing.
They're chair warmers. They're largely owned by the same interests that donate to republicans. FFS they keep killing bills meant to end surprise medical billing. It's NOT an accident. They are not leftists. They are not even center left. They are not even CENTER.
I’ll happily take that timeline, we’ll see which representatives and people running are completely insane right off the bat, the republicans would have a hard time holding a majority as I’m sure any representatives a part of his maga party would see them as traitors and not work with anyone, it’ll be great!
Yea I know. I still don’t think he’ll be do a coup. Even a soft coup. He may very well be part of a dark time, but I don’t think he will outright end the American Experiment. I obviously will oppose him. But I’d rather be fighting him than Trump.