In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
tag? i just block accounts like this--no real commentary, all "news" links are from tabloid-type sources, waste of space. i like when idiots show us who they are!
I'll take the left's "politicization" over the right's directly-causing-gun-availability-and-hysteria-then-actively-ignoring-the-problem-they-caused ANY DAY.
is a great point. They aren't praising the heroic unarmed Army veteran who stopped the shooting, because the shooter was killing "the right" people. So, instead of praising him, thanking him for his service in and out of uniform, they're questioning why he was there in the first. They know better than to say it out loud, but they probably regret both that he stopped the shooter, and that he wasn't also killed.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Practical examinations, licensing, registration, psychological evaluations, mandatory liability insurance, waiting periods, universal background checks (including fail-safes, so no response means a denial instead of approval), mandatory reporting of loss or theft, red flag laws, suspension/revocation of licenses for various offenses (eg, domestic violence convictions).
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
They're a minority, electorally, culturally, politically, and in basically every other sense. It makes them feel impotent, and since they can't persuade, outvote, or otherwise gain power through legitimate means, their choices are to adapt their positions, which they refuse to do; to just be a tolerated minority, which they also refuse; or they can devolve to "might makes right" and use threats and actual force to get their way.