r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
He indulged their fears and their ignorance, he pandered to them with his own form of artless demagoguery, he assembled and mobilized them, he facilitated the events of that day, he gave them every justification they needed to show up and storm the capitol, he convinced them that justice needed to be taken into their own hands, and to this day, he's never once taken anything other than his own ego into consideration, he still hasn't taken responsibility for a damn thing, he's still the victim of a stolen election, the victim of fake news, witch hunts, relentless and unwarranted inquisitions, left-wing tyranny, oppression, ridicule and scrutiny.
Two different departments would handle these. Congress would have to go for the 14th and DOJ would have to go criminal charges. One can be done without the other.
He cultivated a following of fanatics and sycophants willing to indiscriminately embrace his every word, he established a movement of counter-revolutionaries whose actions hinged on his latest social media blast. He enabled their worst impulses, their chauvinistic and bigoted attitudes, he lit a flame underneath their culture war, he incited hostility and declared himself the victim of persecution at the hands of his enemies, then these ardent followers vicariously chose to become victims themselves.
How to bring the light to these people? How to forge a national consensus about Trump’s efforts to overturn the election that led to a seditious act of domestic terrorism? In this document, the committee shows that it thoroughly investigated and chronicled these events, and it explains its reasons for sending to the Justice Department a criminal referral of Trump on various charges: for obstructing an official proceeding (the counting of the electoral votes), for conspiring to defraud the United States, for conspiring to make false statements, and for inciting insurrection. But in the face of an unrelenting propaganda campaign from Trump and the right’s attempts to dismiss or downplay January 6, to diminish the work of the committee, to distract from Trump’s various plots to reverse the election, and to keep his Big Lie alive, it’s unclear how far the committee has succeeded in enlightening those Americans who bought Trump’s con.