I mean 70% of our arms are of Russian origin. Similarly i don't understand why people think India has some muscular foreign policy that is just internal rhetoric on reality our (kadi ninda karte hai but not officially basically we strongly condem this but not officially) has always been the case under the current government the reach has increased but not the strenh behind it, i mean our foreign minister has stated that in regards to China encroaching on our land "as a smaller economy what am I supposed to do pick a fight with China who is 5 times my size be realistic" (usually such statements are not made in public by any other country except us, and this has been the case for a very long time) or how it is our government which does not like to talk about the military angle of quad so as to not anger China, we have always had the stance of let's try and accommodate them. Another example is G20 where India was trying to get all countries to ignore the Ukraine war for a while and focus on other things because otherwise there is no way China and Russia would agree and the meeting will be useless and then france comes and says it won't sign the communique if it does not condemn Russia (which anyway is not going to do anything).
Lmao. You know why India has such a terrible HDI? you know why China is building its infrastructure up on the Ladakh region, while India celebrates videos of its army chasing Chinese away with sticks? Because the Indian nation is so full of hubris, it can't see that China has already beaten it. In every single way. Militarily, Economically, Geopolitically.
Let's be real. The US will never willingly allow India to overtake them as a superpower and the moment they start making strides in that direction, there will be something bad about them that the US and the Western world cannot stand and will need to engage in a trade war, be it a different type of government, different geopolitical interests, or even plain old racism.
Hmm. I know India is a little late to the party. But we are getting here. Our policymakers kept the economy closed till the collapse of Soviet union which led to China taking the global manufacturing pie. You are talking as if China was always big, don't forget millions died in your country too of hunger in the 60's and 70's.