IMHO, America's biggest issue is that its workforce has been stripped of its fundamental rights and freedoms (that Nordicstake for granted). For example, the right to engage in solidarity and in general strikes, and the freedom to associate freely and to use one's free speech as a worker (for example, unionizing isn't an individual choice, but that of a majority of workers in a company or even in a company's branch).
Cool beans. You've at least acknowledged there are actual communists in the US, so thanks for contradicting your point that "leftism doesn't exist there" I guess.
First off, none of what I said above requires the statement "leftists exist in the United States" to be true. The discussion was not "left vs right" in the case of the US, the discussion was "Democrats vs Republicans". The fact is that Democrats, while overall right-wing, are left-wing in comparison to the ultra-conservative neo-fascist GOP. They are more to the left. Hence, it tracks that, should the working-class favor a party over the other, they'd favor the party that is more to the left, even if that party is still, overall, right-wing.
The biggest voting bloc of conservative parties tends to be the middle-class, not the working-class. This idea that "uneducated slobs who vote against their interest" are the reason fascism rises, or greed reigns, is not just classist, it's actually blatantly false.
My only "narrative" is that the idea that uneducated mobs of idiotic poor people are the reason things are bad and fascists are winning is just a factually false, as well as politically counter-productive, idea to have. That particular rhetoric tends to circulate in some conservative wings of the Democratic Party, and not only is it generally unsupported by reality, it's also obviously harmful: it alienates working-class people, since they're disincentivized from voting for a Party that regards them with disdain and arrogance, and blames them for their poor results in elections, which are more often than not linked to their own inability to actively appeal to working-class voters.
Australia too. Keeps getting worse every year, death by a thousand cuts. More and more GPs have to charge now.
A) "The educated sectors of the middle class are much likely to vote for the right wing Democratic Party than the pseudo fascist Republican Party" [remains inaccurate depending on other factors not mentioned therein, therefore a misleading statement];.
So even if they don't outright go and vote fascist, they won't necessarily vote for the Dems, especially because since you so astutely pointed out, the Democrats are overall right-wing and thus don't really do all that much for working-class people on a systemic level.
Yes, people that are uneducated are more likely to vote Republican - but this divide pales, statistically speaking, in comparison to the divide between ethnicities, namely white versus other groups. In other words, with less education, the percentage of non-white voters that vote Republican increases far less drastically than the percentage of white voters that vote Republican.
It has been shown that, while uneducated white people vote Republican higher on average, this is the case for every category of white people, including college-educated groups. In general, as I've linked you above, it's way more obvious that what, on average, truly differentiates Republican voters from Democratic voters is not their level of education or financial means - as I've stated, and as the data shows, that divide does not particularly, as a whole, favor Republicans over Democrats - it's their gender and race, as is logical.
Of these three main lines, the data further shows that gender and race, even more than urban/rural, tend to be the deciding factor when differentiating the voting groups, hence why "working poor white folks" tend to vote Republican more.
In other words, in your descriptor above, it's not "working poor" which is the significant and definitional part of Republican voters. It's white. White people are, overwhelmingly, more likely to vote Republican.
People that are Black and minority voters are overwhelmingly likely to vote Democrat. Even uneducated Black and minority voters are more likely to do so. People that are white are far less likely to do so. The GOP does reasonably well even among college-educated white voters, while the Democrats do reasonably well even among non-college educated non-white voters.
The election results contradict your point, assuming that point is "the working-class and/or uneducated vote Republican". Take, for instance.