I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It simply has not been exploited yet by either side to take advantage of how shaky or outright invalid every single other judicial precedent in the legal system is as Roe stands, particularly with regards to supremacy clauses of various state constitutions.
Right now other than the Constitution itself, with Dobbs in place you can pretty much ignore anything involving common law precedent, you can flex the 'states rights/control' argument in whichever way is opposite of established precedent, and that's just a layperson's examination of the situation.
All it takes is a handful of insane lawsuits attacking a few of the Federalist Society's priorities by undermining the established judicial precedent behind them to highly how absolutely moronic the text of Dobbs is.
That's just one example of the kind of stupidity that Congress can't stop once you start filing those kind of suits to use Dobbs to overturn other conservative prioritized judicial precedents in order to highlight how stupid Dobbs is.
The conservative justices that wrote Dobbs have absolutely no fucking clue what kind of legal hell on earth they've unleashed for themselves the way they decided Dobbs and weakened stare decisis because it gives more states and people the ability to give them the middle finger than they intended trying to write it narrowly for abortion and failed.
I'd love to see a legal expert's take on this, but the entire reason Dobbs made the news cycle earlier this year besides Abortion is because it makes an absolute mockery of, and rejects, judicial precedence.
This is fair but still irrelevant: Dobbs erodes stare decisis the way it was written regardless of how you feel about abortion or states' rights.
Precedent is dead until Dobbs is repealed or replaced with newer legislation, and not just because of the abortion aspect.
Judicial precedent is guidelines rather than concrete rules until Dobbs is repealed, that was the way it was written by the corrupt SCOTUS intentionally.
There are reasons SCOTUS decisions overturning old court cases near-exclusively grant rights rather than restrict them, and Dobbs is a land mine about to demonstrate why that is in the next few years.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !