In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Oh, good. I was thinking they were confusing that EO. Did a little digging myself, but since I haven't looked into this issue in the past at any lenh, I wasn't sure I was right about it. I'm glad my intuition was correct.
Americans have been subjected to decades of capitalist/plutocratic domination, miseducation, and propaganda, and ongoing.
I'll believe it when I see it. I'm still waiting on that police misconduct database he promised then abandoned. And he said he'd consider his party's suggestion of declaring abortion a national public health emergency, but it's been months now. Months that women have been suffering btw.
This is partly because the availability of information, communication, and education lets people sidestep the deliberate miseducation needed to keep the system running (just as slavery and apartheid also required deliberate miseducation and underdevelopment of the underclasses).
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
As the structural problems of capitalism produce more and more obvious dysfunctions and discontents and undermine the legitimacy of the neoliberal order, the need for actual structural solutions will become increasingly un-ignorable to more and more people.
But that's not a structural fix to issues such as , corruption more broadly, or the fact that the top 10% of people own 72-90% of the wealth in currently, and thereby dictate the economic, political, and social life of the remaining 90% of the people by default with no democratic accountability whatsoever.
So I'm not going to hold my breath on this. He likes to make promises that sound good, but then doesn't honor them.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !