In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Yeah. Sorry. I mean his voting base has this weird idea about this man who was going to set things right, which unsurprisingly never manifested it's self. It was this weird cognitive dissonance where the anti government crowd continued hating the government even after the dude they elected wom and he hated the government too. So the narrative about liberal elites controlling everything just continued. Trump was the best president ever even though he's some how not in charge at all...
Exactly. The core of MAGA are people who were never politcally active and now worship Trump like a god, or did until their newer shinier god DeSantis came around.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
look, I did a Beautiful Deal in Afghanistan, we had everything lined up perfectly, but then Sleepy Joe stole the Election, which was a very unfair thing, very unfair, I've been treated more unfairly than any other President and probably any other person in History, and now here we are again, it's always the same group, here comes another Political Hitjob on Trump from the Fake News, they're trying to say that we had 3 Balloons come over, we never had not even one, we had zero in terms of Balloons, that much I can tell you, and if we would've had it I would've gone against it hard, very very strongly, we wouldn't have waited days so they could collect their Illegal Spying on every single American and send it over the Air to China, can you believe it? all they would've had to say, "Sir, we have a Chinese Spy Balloon," oh really, shoot it down General, shoot it down, don't wait just take it out, just like I did to Al Bag Daddy, they said nobody could get him, nobody could get the Vicious and Tough Al Bag Daddy, but I got him, Crooked Hillary could never do it, Obama never did it, and the Fake News didn't even wanna talk about it. don't forget, we would've never even had a Second Amendment without me, the Radical Left they'll take your Guns, take your Knives, leave the Borders Open, it's Criminal and they should all be in Jail if we're being honest about it. ok, I have important things to do. you're welcome.