In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Heh. I still remember listening, mouth wide open in shock, to a relative who is a nurse who tried to tell me that her hospital had a post-birth abortion room where they’d drop off the babies and wait for them to starve to death.
...Southern Strategy. That was just a recalibration of language from civil rights, which goes back to slavery. Although you could probably trace it back to before the country, the country is probably all that really matters with this stuff. It is surprising how much of this stuff can be traced back to slavery, though; Heather Cox-Richardson does an amazing job of spelling it out with current events. is worth reading (and can just be read on the site).
Disclaimer: This program may be offensive to sane people as it embraces half naked horned conspiracy nut seditionists and their ilk as patriots, kooks of all shades, racists, Nazis, misogynists, AKs over humans (including but not limited to children), the Confederacy, big lies, inequality, big corps, dark money, gerrymandering, dismantling checks and balances, denying facts that prove us wrong, denying a woman's right to choose, denying LGBTQ rights, and any civil rights that work against our agenda (including denying people of color the right to vote and disenfranchising the progressive coasts of their voting power through keeping the electoral college in place), welcoming foreign enemies such as Russia to meddle in our elections on our behalf, replacing the Constitution with an autocracy we control, promoting the demonization of Democrats as Satan-worshiping pedophiles who suck the blood of babies, and denying it all as "deep state fake news.".
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !