In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Huh? What are you talking about under the guise of “Protect the children”. Who are you protecting the children? With that logic, there are better things to “protect” the children from.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Regardless, Gerrymandering is an absolutely un-Democratic, horribly corrosive tool to systematically subvert elections and the will of the people. Two wrongs do NOT make a right.
"(11) “Specified sexual activities” means activities, services or performances that include the following sexual activities or the exhibition of the following anatomical areas:
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
(B) Acts of human masturbation, sexual intercourse, sodomy, cunnilingus, fellatio or any excretory function, or representation thereof; or.
This is what I’m worried about in all honesty. Who can’t say. someone who’s trans and wearing gender affirming clothes. Gets carted off to jail or the mental hospital?
A huge point that everyone needs to know is that gerrymandering is a fundamental foundation of the Republican Party, it is literally called "Project RedMap", it is in their party documents, developed by the Republican State Leadership Committee, and the Republican Party spent 30 million dollars initially to start the project.
Thats what the courts exist for. A jury or judge decides if someone is guilty when evidence is provided. If we don’t trust the courts to do their job thats a different more damning problem than a redundant law that should be covered by already existing public decency laws.
Inherently losing faith in the court is a far bigger issue than decency laws, but that's a different discussion. I never once said I thought it was right, in fact I said multiple times in this thread chain I don't agree with it at all, I just disagree with people not telling the full story because it leads to statements like the example I replied to where simply wearing gender affirming clothes would get carted off to jail. The proposed bill specifically speaks of public performances that are sexual in nature which is different than that suggested situation.