Seriously. To anyone not paying attention, this MAY look like a neutral position, but ANY stance other than direct support for Ukraine in furthering victory is effectively benefitting Russia. Calls for a ceasefire, peace talks, any end to hostilities really, seem sesible on the surface. The catch is that literally ANY ceasefire will ultimately benefit Russia more than it will benefit Ukraine currently. Ukraine has literally no reason to let up the fight, until they've retaken all their territory, so long as they have the amount of support they're getting, and their people want to continue to defend their homes. Any period of peace will be used by Russia to reconstitute and retrain its forces, manufacture new PGMs and artillery shells en masse as best as they can, while support for Ukraine in the form of military aid will dry up, limiting them to what they can manufacture at home, and whatever is still supplied by the nations with more to lose if Russia comes out ahead in any peace talks. A whole lot of current arms shipments will no doubt end as well, things like the deals for tanks and the like will be put on hold at best, scrapped at worst. This would set Ukraine back tremendoulsly if Russia were to renew their attacks at a later date. The best scenario right now that Ukraine can attain is a direct military victory over Russia, since Putler will not accept anything less than the complete annexation of Ukraine, ideally within his lifetime. Hell, there are rumors that they may attack Moldova as well, since they're weaker and Russia controls Transnistria. Odesa is just far enough away that any S300 systems defending the city currently, won't be able to easily see over the horizon towards any low flying Russian transport planes entering Moldovan airspace, if those jets fly low the way all other Russian air assets have been doing since near the start of the war. They would need to position assets along the coast in anticipation of such a move, which they're no doubt able to do, but that's still a bunch of hardware that could otherwise be in use defending against missile attacks in Kyiv and Odesa, at power infrastructure, etc...
As a Finn. This reads to me like a treaty designed to be signed by the US and/or NATO to reject the sovereign right of independent nations to make their own national security decisions, and to pretend that the "concerns" of the belligerent party, Russia, are more valid than their neighbours.