Are there seriously still people in the UK who are arguing things like "legalizing this addictive substance will result in mass unemployment and utter apocalypse on our roads because everyone will be stoned like they were in the scientifically accurate film, Reefer Madness?".
I can’t speak to how things are today in 2023, but the people I know who’ve worked in Japan (both locals and foreigners) said that it was after work corporate socializing (not officially mandatory but actually mandatory) more than in office hours that often made their workdays so long: normal workday followed by 4 hours of dinner and drinking with colleagues.
Sure. Basically I got very drunk at a bar I frequented and when going to the bathroom I accidentally stumbled into a storage room. I stole a little nicknack like an asshole (I fully admit that I am the asshole through this whole story). I walked out of the bar and ran into the owner who saw the thing and got pissed. I gave it back to him and while he was talking to me a bar patron was calling the police, when I realized that I ran but again, I was wasted, and they followed me and pointed me out to the cops who took me to jail. I spent the night getting like interrogated about it. The detective doing the interrogating was an huge dick and asked me questions for hours about tons of shit. Told me calling the embassy or consolute or whatever would make me have to stay longer because they wouldn’t come for a long time. Asked me everything about my life and on and on. I puked during the interrogation and was so drunk, they put me in a drunk tank like area. The next morning they “officially” arrested me and took me to a detention center. They take you out of holding and they chain you hand waist and ankles to the other inmates and you have to stand in a big line all cuffed together.
The "regenerates completely" statement is false unfortunately. I thought this was the case too and it is not, if you have alcohol induced cirrhosis of the liver that is uncompensated, the only option for most people is a liver transplant and stop drinking entirely, or more often they just die within a couple years.
Yep. A dude who worked at my English company years ago got arrested, served like 6 months and was deported because he was drunk and the cops made him drug test, he failed and that is considered possession to them. All that and he didn’t even physically have weed on him at the time.