India had a population of nearly 1.4 billion. Their economy and standard of living is growing. The energy crisis caused by the Russia/Ukraine war is not of India’s doing and outside of their influence. Energy from Russia is cheap and the consequences of that purchase (funding Russia) doesn’t matter too much to the Indian Government all things considered.
I'm done here. You can have the last comment and therefore win the internet debate championship trophy. I don't care as much as it might seem I do. Only driven to comment because I have a number of friends from India and they are good people, so India's choices here have come as a surprise. It is what it is.
Middle Eastern countries have imported less American goods, government cooperation between nations has become less stable, Saudi is currently snubbing US interests, especially so since MBS has been offended over the Kashogi debacle. There's always a consequence to actions. Some big, some small, some approximate and some ridiculous.
It’s actually because India has already been a victim of cross-border attacks - recently with China when the West did nothing and with Pakistan many times in history when the US backed Pakistan even though Pakistan started the war… So India knows better than to expect any support from the West, now or in the future.
Straight to name-calling. It's what people do when they're on the wrong side of an indefensible position and don't have the humility to listen or the dignity to just keep quiet.
Solid example. Currently most Indian military equipment is based on the old soviet weapons systems, so they need ties to Russia to remain strong. Therefore, even though India needs/wants western nations to continue backing them in their border dispute with China, they can't afford to risk angering Russia without potentially weakening their military hand. While at the same time, they risk that western support because they're defacto funding the attempted genocide of Ukraine. Those conflicts mean that large institutional investors see India as a risky investment and the interest rates for that finance goes higher vs a more aligned country.