You laugh, but technically it is part of their doctrine that you can't retreat without specific orders to do so: if your communications are down or your commanders are dead you're just kind of expected to hold on to your position until you die or run out of munitions and weapons.
Sure. But the main reason the US runs theirs on JP-8 is for simplified logistics, because it's the same fuel that their jets use. The Australians for example run their M1s on diesel.
Thank you Germany, USA, Poland, European Union, England, France, Italy, Canada, Norway, Netherlands, ﻿Sweden, Denmark, Japan, Czech Republic, Austria, Estonia, Spain, ﻿Portugal, Australia, Latvia, Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, Belgium, Slovakia, Switzerland, Greece, ﻿South Korea, ﻿Luxembourg, Ireland, Taiwan, ﻿Turkey, Slovenia, Hungary, ﻿Croatia, ﻿New Zealand, Romania and all those who have big balls and kind heart!
Can't Abrams function on any type of fuel? Thought that was the whole point? Either way though, you are right about them being not efficient with their fuel versus the Leopards. But in small numbers maybe they can support them enough to make a difference? Who knows.
Now that we offered some Serious SAM tanks to our friends over in Ukraine, I wanted to ask if we could speed up the production process of the LSD infused chocolate croissants variant X69 developed by the highly accredited Viking Instituted of Technology and Mud-munk Intergovernmental Studies or short for VITAMINS. VITAMINS program has been substantially utilized around the world with great success. Using the latest scientific data taken from the word.exe developed by India in conjunction with ESL, English as a Second Language. This data was processed by powerful 4 core IAMINSPACE super computer which calculated that a the single X69 chocolate croissant would result in the power ecoefficiency of 1 tank to 1000 unicorns joules square kilometers. I hope to see such a great initiative be taken in sharing this innovation as a good will gesture to all of our comrades over at the Russian Imperial Soviet Federation.