We're splitting hairs anyway, but the man was a white Christian from Europe, and not Turkish, Israeli, or Arab. And the way information was shared before modern times definitely helped skew the legend in various ways from town to town. Where I live (Switzerland), kids literally go into the forest on the 6th to meet Samichlaus and his weird hobo friend Schmützli for candy and peanuts. In the Netherlands, they have Zwart Piet and all that baggage.
It's been over 1500+ years since the Roman Empire's politics played out and entrenched these rituals into our cultures, people continue celebrating Christmas as a Christian holiday because they do not care what Emperor Constantine or Theodosius got up to in the 4th century, they care about maintaining the traditions and celebrations which their grandparents and parents passed onto them. Christmas was pagan back in the days when Germans were illiterate and England didn't even exist yet, whatever, pete_68's wife here probably just wants to continue celebrating the culture which she experienced with her living family.
He is not wrong about anything. Secularism modern and legal definition is just separation of state and church. In theory it should give the people the right to believe in any theological belief or nothing at all without any government interference or privileges given to any group whether they are a minority or a majority of the population.
Okay fuck. I'm really sorry for the tone of my response. I thought you were a ring-wing Indian and these types are famous for bigotry towards minorities (like Muslims, Christians, etc) and denying any wrong-doing by the government and right-wing organizations in India. You didn't deserve that, I apologize.
Once again, I apologize. India has a bubbling atmosphere of hate right now and it always pisses me off when Indian right-wingers intentionally downplay the seriousness of this hate and pretend it doesn't exist. I thought you were one of them but you're not. I hope you have a great Christmas/Holiday Season. Take care.
The real tragedy of Christmas celebrations is that the various diverse interpretations of it across Christendom are being Americanized. Local traditions and beliefs, such as the Baby Jesus delivering presents in Germany, or the Day of Kings in Spain, are being replaced with the American Santa Claus and so on.