Probably because of the division of powers under the Constitution, which gives provinces control over and the power to collect taxes and royalties on many natural resources. The treaties at stake were signed in 185x when there was an unified crown, so arguably that makes the obligation traceable to the province post confederation. Or something else, I don't study this stuff anymore.
As a Canadian (I can only speak to my experience within Canada), I would definitely say there is no consensus - here's what I would offer: most Canadians are onboard with the abstract concept of (they would vocally/superficially support it ; ps: this is how we refer to the effort to help reconcile with Canada's past and heal the ongoing colonization-wounds on indigenous peoples) - however when it comes to the practical application of truth & reconciliation, there's a lot more dissent. Like with all movements in democracies, the aesthetics and language around the movement develops far ahead of any real action. Canadians disagree/don't understand about how much sovereignty the (still-binding) Treaties describe for indigenous peoples - and often how Canada has broken those treaties - so beyond "I want to help heal the wounds on the indigenous" there are a lot of opinions on the "how". Generally-speaking, material reconciliation will take huge investments in communities often outside of the high-voter metropol areas (aka. politicians don't see many votes from actually doing anything - they just need to say that they will) - and this kind of social investment has a lot of overlap with housing issues/affordability issues/drug/healthcare-access issues/mental healthcare issues/etc. T&R evidently is a far more complex issue than one which can be solved with a one-time payout - which makes some Canadians unsure as to how much they should push. Further, since (on the public media stage) there is little unified indigenous representation in leadership (that is widely publicized), it often becomes settler politicians talking about what indigenous people need - which makes indigenous issues seem like a kind of abstract talking point instead of a real day-to-day concern for most Canadians (eg. like gas/food affordability). I know indigenous people from my time in Northern ON (where I plan to live), but many many metropolitan people do not know any at all. This is sad because the Treaties clearly show the failings of the government - but the indigenous are forced into a position of appealing to the public to try and get the (crown-signed) agreements fulfilled - which is also why the indigenous seem to be leaning into the Court processes (bc i.m.o the broader Canadian electorate does care - but not enough to make indigenous issues center-stage and force open the money-dams).
Agree! Treaties were negotiated with the federal government/ crown. The royal proclamation of 1763 states that this must be the case quite clearly. It’s also in the nature of the meaning of “treaty;” treaties are nation to nation contracts. I’m not sure why they are trying to sue Ontario… anyone?