In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Agreed! Keep planting the seeds of critical thinking and broad forms of literacy (financial, emotional, cultural, linguistic, etc). Knowledge IS Power, and that’s exactly why the Authoritarians want to restrict access to those tools.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Require licensing for every gun and make it a rigorous process that requires reapplication for certification on an annual basis, including medical reports, psychological assessment and mandatory safety training certification at regular intervals. This generates revenue that way, and operates just like driving license.
Promoting conspiracy theories, culture wars, fear mongering, stoking religious and ideological fanaticism, and anti-government rhetoric. Like labeling antifa as some vast, powerful socialist army when it really was just a bunch of people opposing skinheads and neo nazis. The original group was just mostly young men who thought the best response to a angry skin head with a bat was to hit him with a bat. Then other people joined in, because who wouldn't want to counter protest racists and nazis. Why, the far right, that's who. So, Tucker Carlson and other right wing mouth pieces (of $h!t) narrated Antifa into some Left wing army that was going to install black communist dictators, turn your children gay and make them ashamed of being white with critical race theory. Meanwhile, they spread the message the only way to stop mass shooters is to arm everyone else. After all, if all the God fearing, market worshiping, conservatives aren't carrying assault rifles how will they stop the deep state when the come for our guns, burn the bibles we don't actually read, and try to force us all to become transgendered?