r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Interesting that there's a Presidential primary in the not too distant future, during which Donald Trump (a Florida resident) will no doubt be hurling all sorts of defamatory names and accusations in the direction of others vying for the GOP nomination - presumably including the Governor that would sign such legislation into law, Ron DeSantis.
Section 12. If any provision of this act or the application thereof to any person or circumstance is held invalid, the invalidity does not affect other provisions or applications of this act which can be given effect without the invalid provision or application, and to this end the provisions of this act are severable.
Ron DeSantis loves sticking things up his ass. NTTAWWT, but he really, really loves it. I understand that when he visits somewhere they have to remove any object that could possibly be inserted into his anus because he just can't control himself, it's a compulsion. He often has to have them surgically removed because he inserts them so far up his own ass. It's well known around Tallahassee, that's why he has trouble hiring personal aides. He usually asks them to help insert and remove various objects. At times he's inserted light bulbs, turkey basters, baseballs, snow globes, lava lamps, fruits, canned vegetables, frozen beef tenderloins, smaller musical instruments, dumbbell weights, beer bottles, liquor bottles, socket wrenches, shoes, dog chew toys, magic 8 balls, lobsters, brake linings, bicycle seats, rolling pins, travel irons, collapsible umbrellas, flashlights, spray paint cans, and bocce balls. The only thing he won't stick up his ass is dildoes "because they're gay".
…libel, slander, false light, invasion of 56 privacy, or any other tort founded upon any single publication, exhibition, or utterance, such as any one edition of a newspaper, book, or magazine, any one presentation to an audience, any one broadcast over radio or television, any one exhibition of a motion picture, or any one publication, exhibition, or utterance on the Internet.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
(a) A defendant cannot prove the truth of an allegation of discrimination with respect to sexual orientation or gender identity by citing a plaintiff's constitutionally protected religious expression or beliefs.
(b) A defendant cannot prove the truth of an allegation of discrimination with respect to sexual orientation or gender identity by citing a plaintiff's scientific beliefs.
(2) An allegation that the plaintiff has discriminated against another person or group because of their race, sex, sexual orientation, or gender identity constitutes defamation per se.