In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
He seems like a nice dude. I’m glad I voted for him. Chabot was asleep the whole campaign then blitzed the airwaves with ads at the end. Landsman did a good job of establishing himself first.
Independent redistricting passed in Michigan in spite of a Republican legislature, because Michigan’s constitution provides for constitutional amendments via ballot initiative that automatically come into force and circumvent the legislature entirely.
Why would they do that? They are still Republicans that believe in stupid Republican policies. They don't like Biden or Dem policies.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
After this, the Mississippi legislature eventually passed a medical marijuana law that was far more restrictive than the citizen-petition ballot initiative (because the governor opposed less restrictive bills), after not passing a proposed medical marijuana constitutional amendment and voting down an amendment to that proposal that would have implemented the citizen-petition ballot initiative in its entirety.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
The state Supreme Court ruled that, because the Mississippi constitution requires no more than 1/5 of a petition’s required signatures come from each of Mississippi’s Congressional districts for it to be placed on the ballot, and Mississippi has only had 4 Congressional districts since the 2000 census, that means the entire citizen-petition ballot initiative process is inoperable and void.
Some gems from the Court’s ruling include: saying it’s “in the realm of possibility” that the drafters intended for Mississippi’s citizen-petition process to become inoperable if Mississippi dropped below 5 Congressional districts (the absurdity speaks for itself); claiming that overturning the citizen petition process wasn’t “altering the constitution” (despite the Court ruling effectively striking out the citizen-petition process); and citing a 20 year old federal court injunction that required Mississippi to have 4 Congressional districts, when the case was purely a question of state law and multiple state laws having referenced Mississippi’s pre-2000 Congressional districts. The ruling also ignored the reality that two citizen-petition ballot initiatives were already passed between 2000 and the medical marijuana amendment.
I can’t even try to be concise with the ratfuckery that Mississippi Rs pulled when a medical marijuana amendment was on the 2020 ballot, because “raising the threshold for ballot initiatives” is only the beginning.
The state legislature introduced a confusingly named and far more restrictive “alternative” amendment to the citizen-petition amendment in order to siphon votes and try to keep either medical marijuana amendment from passing on the ballot. After the citizen-petition amendment passed anyway, the city of Madison sued to have the ballot initiative overturned.