The lab that was charged with certifying election machines in Cochise county had their accreditation expire. State law REQUIRES the machines be certified by an accredited lab. It is not a suggestion, it is written in the statute. The lab did at one point have accreditation and did certify the election equipment, but that was a few years ago, the last time I believe they claim that they were officially legally certified was before the 2018 election). The machines are required to be certified, by a lab that has official accreditation (and then recertified every 2 years) BY STATE LAW. The lab certified the machines several years ago, when it was accredited, but could not lawfully recertify them because it lost their accreditation. They keep getting evidence trying to prove the lab was accredited, but it doesn't add up... wrong names on the paperwork, wrong dates on the paperwork, nothing current that proves the machines were even certified legitimately. the lab might have certified the voting equipment, but perhaps not while accredited, as state law requires. That is the argument, and that is what Cochise County BoS are asking for... the official proof that the lab was properly accredited when it certified the machines that will pass public scrutiny from both sides.. By the way, they may have not even re-certified them at all, because "covid" and someone said, it's OK, just get on with it. So using machines that are not certified (or recertified as the case may be) makes the votes counted by those machines as VOID and cannot legally be used. The BoS are likely thinking that certifying the election on potentially illegal equipment could get them in a lawsuit from the citizens for a civil rights violation from every voter that cast a ballot in the county and had their ballots counted by these machines.
Dang it. I wanted to see a court beat down of how dumb this official is. I keep hoping for another "Kobach" court fight like the one he lost miserably in Kansas. I'll just keep waiting.