Fact is, the POTUS visiting Kyiv is a signal of American strenh and dominance. Russia bombarding Kyiv while he is there, is a challenge to that dominance. Therefore, a response to cement that dominance would be required on the part of the US. What the response would be, is hard to say. I'm sure the Biden administration would have gamed out those scenario's beforehand, and may have even informed Russia on the type of consequences they could expect through the deconfliction hotline when they informed Russia of Biden's visit.
Why? I couldn't give less of a fuck whether you believe me, you can look it up yourself. Not like posting any more proof than has already been posted is going to make a difference. It's all there, dumdum.
Using that info, to me it seems more likely they'll replace the DU armor with Tungsten armor from existing stock instead of manufacturing brand new ones unless Poland is willing to take a hit on their delivery date (specifically Poland because I'm sure Taiwan isn't interested in taking the risk of delaying delivery because China is breathing down their necks).
No. The majority of America, which you do not personally know, would most likely not sit back after a US president was murdered because they are Americans that care about America. ANY US President killed by another country would start a war. Russia knows they would be destroyed.
That kind of community funding comes from the people who also support Ukraine, the problem is the republican opposition to any social programs supporting disadvantaged/underserved communities.
Very much doubt it. Firstly, agreeing to a time window would be agreeing to a time where it would be "fair game" to hit Kyiv, which the US would never do. Secondly, and more importantly, it would be a huge sign of weakness. The whole point of the POTUS visiting Kyiv is to show the world and Russia that they have NO POWER, and that the US is so sure of that, that they feel confident placing their most high profile asset in Kyiv. If you then simultaneously engage Russia about a time window, you are in fact signaling that they DO have power, and that you fear their potential response, and that you are not confident at all. It would undermine the whole point of the exercise.
I'm not sure if it's actually been confirmed if the tanks are new production or modified stock because Poland and Taiwan's orders are currently in production and General Dynamics only makes like 3 Abrams a week or something + they make the Abrams from seed vehicles now and just install the equipment and armor needed for the ordered variant.
Whoosh. Let me catch you up, you wrote anecdotal validation to support your opinion. “Most people I know” is the part I may have made less “valid” by saying you don’t know the majority of Americans ‘personally.’.