Among other things Ihor Kolomoyskyi owned several football clubs in Ukraine. He would recruit people from the "football firms" which he also funded (football hooligan scene) as enforcers and hired guns for security and to do criminal corporate raiding and protect his businesses from other mafia doing criminal corporate raiding against him (common issue in post soviet sphere).
No they were not. They were just told to chill out and are kept out of the public eye. You don't "purge" a battalion as large as Azov, lets be honest here.
TLDR: Nazis in Eastern Europe are partly a consequence of historical Soviet oppression, partly due to a resurgence in nationalism and post-soviet identity politics, and partly as a bizarre parallel phenomenon to the establishment and spread of Socialist and communist groups in Western Europe.
I tell you what. You go get you a swastika tattooed on your forehead. The mirrored (vs the ancient symbol) one the nazis use. Maybe proudly wave a flag with the symbol too.
An interesting parallel of this phenomenon is how in the West post-war there were many groups that idealised Communism and the USSR, as despite the USSR also being an authoritarian state responsible for countless atrocities, they had fought the Nazis (considered the greater evil from a western perspective as western nations in Europe had only experienced invasion and occupation by Nazis) and so lay on the “good” side of history and still held positive PR with some groups in the West even through the Cold War.
Walk around in a western country. Explain to people how it's just an old nordic symbol. See how it goes.
once the USSR collapsed and ordinary people had less oversight from state agencies and Nationalist sentiment began to resurge, groups focused on the ideas previously mentioned (Anti-Soviet, Ultra-Nationalist and Anti-Russian influence) began to congregate and grow their circles, primarily using the symbolism and ideals of groups who had previously faced the Russians alongside the Nazis.
Free ukraine, but Azov are the scum of the earth. Fuck nazis. You can support the Ukrainian people and shit on the Azov at the same time. Its fine folks.
After world war 2 the Soviets doubled down on being the authoritarian force they had been prior, and this cemented a view amongst many (who were not Russian) that anything that stood against the Soviets and to a lesser degree the presence of Russia as a major power in Eastern Europe was a better alternative to what they were living with under the USSR.
For anyone wondering why remnants of Nazi symbolism and ideology have such attraction amongst some people across Eastern Europe but particularly in the Baltics, Ukraine and parts of Poland, it’s because prior to Operation Barbarossa in the 40’s, the Soviets had been running things in those regions, and they managed to rule so horrifically that it made siding with the 3rd Reich seem like the more pleasant option to a lot of people.
Which connections? Most of this stuff is public knowledge and journalists have already been over most of this stuff in the past.