Production starts next year. Source: was offered a EHS job by them (TSMC subsidiary) and asked about the timeline. They're moving really quickly with it.
The Chinese government has also argued that Taiwan's separation from the mainland is a legacy of China's history of foreign invasion and colonization, and that reunification is necessary to restore China's national dignity and unity. In addition, China's leaders see Taiwan as a strategic and economic asset, and believe that reunifying with Taiwan would give China greater influence in the region and the world.
There are also cultural and emotional factors at play in China's desire for reunification with Taiwan. Many people in China see Taiwan as a part of their shared cultural and historical heritage, and feel a strong emotional attachment to the island and its people.
As Taiwan is seen as a part of China historically and from a cultural point of view they have to get it back somehow or they will look weak to the belt of lesser loyal people and this could lead to a chain reaction of uprisings in those parts.
Yeah. The U.S. is trying to maintain strategic advantage to preserve global hegemony. In order to do that, the microchips are of utmost importance. I am not denying that at all. So my point stands. But even if they invade Taiwan successfully, the advantage will only last them 2 years tops. If they can even invade and keep production intact. The other thing is, if you are a Taiwanese chip producer, or a scientist, and you have experienced how much you prosper under capitalism, and then have your company or methods jacked by the CCP, are you still going to want to produce chips for them? Or innovate anything new? nah.. Then the sanctions will come...
Totally. They need anti air to protect the anti ship and anti tank. If China is allowed to achieve air superiority, Taiwan will be extremely difficult to defense. Land-based anti ship will be important to keep the massive Chinese fleet to carry out effective coastal bombardment to stage the amphibious landing before external helps can arrive.