In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Thanks guys. Sorry, new to Reddit and was unaware of the saved post feature. Thanks for all the help. I work long hours doing construction and I try to stay up to date with what's going on in the world. As a blue collar American, I fully support the efforts by the Ukrainian people and if my tax dollars go towards liberating such a great resilient group of people as the ones in Ukraine, so be it. Keep the drone drop videos coming fellas, give them hell!
Exactly. It behooves Russia to also know he’s going to be there because one missile too close and we’re all in for a mess. And all Russia can do is sit there and basically go “okay we won’t attack while he’s there.” And it plays great for Ukraine and allies.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Putin cannot match the president of the USA visiting Ukraine that’s why yesterday he went on a rant that nothing he said tied together, Putin starting to sound way off beat and his reasoning is no longer logical and he’s stuck with international labels like being a WAR CRIMINAL and a state sponsored mobster that is killing Russians by throwing them off buildings to their death and shooting them in the head, these are not images Russians would like to think of their president but unfortunately that’s what Putin is doing and more. Putin has sent over 100,000 Russian soldiers to their death without training, Putin is sending criminals to their death in this war, think of the worst and Putin is doing like Stalin his new found past Russian hero, so Putin brings back the ghosts of past Russian leaders that knew nothing but destroy other people. Putin wants to have that legacy written on his tomb stone: Last Russian president that saw extermination of Ukrainians.