In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Fucking “libertarians”! Every single one I know is just a god damned Republican who wants to smoke weed. Nearly every single other talking point of conservatives aligns perfectly with libertarians except for weed. Now that weed is becoming generally more accepted on a national level, maybe libertarians will realize their backwoods “the government has never done anything for me, so the government can stay the hell out of my life” while driving on paved roads, praising cops, relying on infrastructure that would make them cry themselves to sleep every night if it changed even in the slightest would realize they’re actually conservatives…probably not because self awareness is not something they’re known for.
Which issues? The Inflation Reduction Act ends up increasing inflation. She wasnt the only no vote on those issues, and they wouldnt have passed, her using that leverage got her money for drought assistance in Arizona.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Absolutely not. I would rather be partially run over by a bulldozer repeatedly. The pain of multiple easily bought Sinemas running around is worse than being light on fire poorly, put out, and light on fire again. No no no no no. God no.
Her ratings were the same as Bidens until around October, people had been basing the information on outdated and carefully crafted polls and forget that a third of Arizona identifies as independent. With politics as they are, all she has to do is point to her actual record, and then clear the air. She largely supports the Whitehouse and Democratic legislation. Arizona is a lot more conservative than you think it is. She ran as an independent Democrat in 2018, ran on being one the most independent voices in Congress. Running on being an actual independent isnt a big leap, the Democratic party is making the same mistake it made with Lieberman.