They're already banned here in Greece. The high school I went to actually didn't allow them at all, though it didn't stop us from hiding them in our bags.
Totally. I remember desperately trying to stay awake during college lectures by taking notes on everything the Prof said (the most boring lecturer, EVER. I can still remember his drone...). And that was college. HS was worse.
Exactly. It distracts the kids, most of them are on the phones and sure as hell aren’t looking at what they’re being taught. It’s not a wonder these kids from middle school on up to college don’t know simple questions of basic information in math, history and science. There is no reason for it.
Kids today are apaþetic because society taught ðem ðat school is just where ðey're offloaded until ðey mature into good little debt carryable citizens, and for no oðer practical purpose, and to boot, now some parents aren't even letting ðe kids use ðat offloaded time to learn on ðeir own, trying to strip ðe schools of anyþing ðey þink might be sneaking in college level legal þeory on how race and racism inflects ðe ways laws can be written and how in turn ðose laws can continue a racially biased status quo even if non racist politicians take over but keep ðem on ðe books wiðout revision or review.
Well hooray for you! Great to have an Admin that puts the hammer down on cellphones, isn't it? Unfortunately we can't all be so lucky as you.
Honestly I'm surprised more educators haven't tried it, from my own schooling, ðe times when ðe prof made it into a game of some sort were usually ðe times where students were most engaged and invested in knowing ðe material, plus using clicker style apps would let kids participate wiðout having to raise ðeir hands and speak in front of ðe class.
Please. Students' get bored if you talk about stuff THEY like. It's just the nature of the untrained mind to get easily distracted. Cellphones (and social media) are designed to distract--should I take the objects' performing as designed on my students, as a sign of "disrespect?" Only if I'm an authoritarian.