The ruling is one of the most consequential judgments since the 27-nation bloc, home to roughly 450 million people, enacted a landmark data-privacy law aimed at restricting the ability of Facebook and other companies from collecting information about users without their prior consent. The law took effect in 2018.
sigh Listen I am sorry but I have had to explain this crap to half a dozen people who can’t be bothered to read the fucking article or the pinned post which explains everything and I’ve just gotten really tired of it all and I can’t be bothered to deal with this anymore (if you are wondering why I am making it my job to explain this to everyone else I just hate pessimistic/nihilistic people that think nothing will ever change) again as I said I am sorry I am just really tired.
The E.U. judgment is the latest business headwind facing Meta, which was already grappling with a major drop in advertising revenue because of a change made by Apple in 2021 that gave iPhone users the ability to choose whether advertisers could track them. Consumer surveys suggest that a clear majority of users have blocked tracking.
I wrote revenue because I have bad memory (I have ADHD) and I constantly end up forgetting the actual word I am supposed to be saying mid sentence, if had to double check every single word in my statement so it’s word for word accurate it would take me a couple of hours because I will read the word, go back to edit my post and forget it by the time I get there, so yeah it isn’t revenue I am sorry I don’t remember the actual word rn but I know they can fine them up to 4% of something which is roughly 3.4 billion dollars, if you can point out any words I messed up or used wrong words I would gladly spend some time fixing it because all the info I wrote here is from posts all across both of Reddit and Google so it takes a lot of time to find all of them.
Not an option in the EU. The courts do not take lightly on companies found out to be intentionally and willingly ignoring the law. Intent matters.
Meta suffered a major defeat on Wednesday that could severely undercut its Facebook and Instagram advertising business after European Union regulators found it had illegally forced users to effectively accept personalized ads.