r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
The thing is it's not "may or may not" renege on, if he cut a deal with democrats he would be required by Republican politics to renege on it - if he didn't, he'd lose his next election and further he wouldn't be able to get Republicans to vote on any legislation he posted, they'd effectively excommunicate him for keeping his word with the enemy - that's how Republicans are, their core party goal is to screw democratic politicians and voters, has been for years because their propaganda outlets convinced their voters we're literally Evil.
Both sides are the same. None of the politicians care about the American people they feed you what you want to hear before the elections then they do what they want to do and maybe satisfy some of the promises they made to the people just to try to catch your vote on the next election. You tell me what has been better for the average citizen in the past 8 years when it comes to the prices of products going up and the biggest thing healthcare expense absolutely nothing unless you're getting 100% free handouts from the government and everything paid for. And like I said the other day McCarthy will win and he just did win on the 15th vote and he will seek revenge on the other candidates he is a rhino he's been in politics for a long time he's going to do what lines his pockets with money he is not going to do what's right for the American people.
McCarthy is going to win it's all for show concessions will be made and then McCarthy will seek his revenge and hurt those who went against him and the same old will go on America forever with rhinos and people in power been in politics for 20 to 30 years because the dumbass is keep voting for them in. But then everyone wants to tell the 18 people who are voting against him to stop and just go along with it that's what always goes on just go along with it and what do you get the same BS as year after year after year the Republicans and Democrats do not care about you you will keep drowning in debt and you keep drowning with inflation good luck thinking they're going to change your life. If a vote can keep going on that shoud tell you enough about the corruption and what they want will happen no matter what.