It likely is the most complex geopolitical issue, but the people outside of those regions aren't so complicated. Rather than fickle I'd say uneducated and self-righteous. Personally I don't know jack about most of these circumstances, but I always see people on social media who know everything about it.
Exactly. People judge Palestine by the worst actors, and often Israel by the best and most charitable actors. Round down for palestine and round up for israel in terms of charitibility.
Seriously! Why is common sense not so common? I just want the bloodshed to end already. I’ve lived in Israel (for non religious reasons ), I am Jewish ethnically but I also have empathy for Palestinians. You can definitely be empathetic and anti terrorists on both sides.
Occupiers. Such a silly word, everywhere we went you hunted us, discriminated against us and outright murdered us. Thousands of years of slaughter by the benevolent hands of the Europeans and Arabs. When we first came to Israel we bought our lands and cultivated it while dreaming about a Jewish country. Most remained in Europe of course, their fate is well known. After the Holocaust most Jews came to Israel, after they witnessed first hand the "kindness" of strangers. They agreed to the UN's proposal, seeking to start a new life where they could live in peace and safety, the Palestinians did not, they started a war and lost. Some Jews claim we have a special right to Israel because it's our ancestral home, foolishness of course, we took it by the same right the Europeans took Africa and America, by the same right Homo Sapiens conquered the world, by the right of the spear and the sword, the right of the fist.
Lastly I will finish with this, the Palestinians who remained in Israel gained full citizenship with all the rights it comes with, sure there is racism, it's awful but it's a problem that exists all around the world(same reason we have suffered, tribalism makes humans target minorities since they are such easy scapegoats, especially in our case, in the midst of such a charged conflict). Palestinians who have arrived to Arab countries however became refugees, as did their descendants. Only in Jordan in where the majority is Palestinian did they get citizenship.