r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
chronic illnesses such as HIV/AIDs-related illnesses, diabetes, epilepsy, hypertension (high blood pressure) and related illnesses.
This is so true. I have a high deductible plan. It is expertly designed to fuck us over as much as possible.
California Established by Senate Bill 104 the Healthy California for All Commission is charged with developing a plan that includes options for advancing progress toward a health care delivery system in California that provides coverage and access through a unified financing system, including, but not limited to, a single-payer financing system, for all Californians.
Yea, you are fighting a straw man. All of these countries have single payer systems just like Bernie proposes. Companies in these countries offering options to work outside that system have absolutely no bearing on that fact. The same thing would happen here with single payer. You seem to fundamentally misunderstand. A single payer like Bernie proposes is what these countries have, people adding something on top doesn't matter. This is different than an actual multi-payer systems that allow you to opt out of the public option for private. The reason going for a multi-payer system from the start is that it hurts the biggest cost saving benefit of single payer which is bargaining power. The existence of private insurance doesn't make a system not single payer, unless that private insurance is necessary or fills an actual shortcoming in the system.
In places like the UK and Australia the vast majority of people don't have private insurance because it is absolutely not necessary to spend extra money to operate inefficiently outside of the single payer system that is available to everyone. There is literally no necessity to get private insurance in these countries, those companies could disappear tomorrow and everyone will still get the care they need. The fact that an expensive private option allows you to get services faster than people on the public system is irrelevant to the system being single payer and in no way is an argument against a single payer system. Your entire argument is flawed and the misinformation is the insinuation that the private options that make up an extremely small part of the system are needed in any way. I don't see how you seem to think "people with more money shouldn't have to wait in line the poors" is a reasonable argument against a single payer system, especially when these private options for rich people are still possible in a single payer system.
Edit: In fact in these countries, the private insurance usually doesn't even cover really expensive or chronic issues and leaves this to the public single payer option. It simply allows you to go to private practices and get basic services faster.