In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
LoL. I'm laughing at the coincidence. I just posted how I lose half my paycheck in family benefits, retirement, and taxes, and you bet your ass I expect more services ad better services from my government. All these tax breaks for the rich and bullshit investigations coming up. Sure, other countries with more socialized services / benefits take away half the paycheck. But we still lose half ours for substandard services. I guess because it's my "choice" to pay for benefits and retirement, I should feel good. /s.
Unless of course it's because he represents a counter-revolutionary movement and culture war against things like justice, accountability and equality, unless he symbolizes the trigger happy "patriot" willing to gun down "wokeness", "cultural Marxism", drag queens, black lives matter, affirmative action, abortion, transgendered athletes, radical leftist teachers and parents, socialism, the education system, books and literature written by "depraved" authors, CRT, communism, child "groomers", LGBTQ and gender pedagogy, anti-white "racism" and the list of left wing boogeymen goes on and fucking on.
2. Instead of doing anything that could even remotely be considered as acknowledgment of reality, put Trump front and center again and dig up the Hunter Biden story arc while 37 shitheads try to gaslight everyone in the US that interracial and LBGTQ+ marriage protections don’t need to be codified because no one’s trying to ban them despite a member of the Supreme Court publicly stating just a few months ago that we should rethink the verdict that currently protects them… as they overturn a verdict with the reasoning that if people really cared about abortion protections then they should have made it a law when they had the chance.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
This ignorant, moonfaced kid is a symbol of right wing hate and nationalism, a culture war soldier, the glorification of violence, representing your right to eagerly shoot down the radical enemy with just cause, and while Republican caucuses and committees line up to use him, pull his strings, tell him which direction to look and smile for the camera.
1. Announce that young adults are all so stupid that “Dems” bought them off with nothing more than the promise of $10,000-$20,000 as though the “Dems” they’re attacking aren’t their PARENTS on top of everything else.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !