The real core issue is Xi. He reversed China's previous direction which both makes them a less valuable partner to the west and threatens their economic rise.
Exactly… state ownership directly defies communism. They adopted the name, just like Nazi’s adopted “socialist” but were 100% far right authoritarian.
What you’re doing is the same as calling Nazi’s socialists, which they were not. Nazi’s and the current ruling party of China are evil. But not communist.
That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.--Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.
Projection. It happened a lot before the 2008 crisis too where America sold its people out to white collar criminals and liberals still swear we have a democracy.