This current era where countries don't actually want to commit mass genocide and colonize a country is an abnormality in human history. Take the USSR and America. If their invasions of Afghanistan had occured in the 1800s they simply would have killed most of the fighting age boys in the local area where the insurgent attacks took place, made sure the populous knew that any attacks on them was gonna result in their sons, fathers and husbands being killed in the immediate area rather they were guilty or not. The population falls in line fairly quick. Then they would have moved in a lot of their own foreign nationals to shape the country similar to their own values. Now countries really don't do that thankfully but that will change back to the norm in the coming decades as climate change and resource scarcity puts pressure on larger countries. Invasion and conquest to take plunder will be back on the menu.
Ah yes, because anyone who disagrees with your opinion and can recognise America, one of the richest countries in the world (which has not itself experienced repeated invasions and political disruptions by foreign superpowers), is also currently forcing conservative religious values on everyone living in the country regardless of their own religious beliefs; lives in some sort of bubble of of ignorance.
Hi. I'm a vet who volunteers at the homeless shelter in my town. I also collect money for kids meals who can't afford it at school every year. I'm doing my part and I'm confident that I do everything to make my society better. If you want to be some uneducated person who talks out of his ass about how all government are facist or whatever, go ahead. I'm at peace with myself.
Hi RodrigoBarragan. Your submission from businessinsider.com is behind a metered paywall. A allows users to view a specific number of articles before requiring paid subscription. Articles posted to /r/worldnews should be accessible to everyone. While your submission was not removed, it has been flaired and users are discouraged from upvoting it or commenting on it. For more information see our . Please try to find another source. If there is no other news site reporting on the story, contact the moderators.