>This analysis reveals that the March 1933 elections constituted a tipping point in coverage of Hitler in the American press, and, by extension, readers' understanding of a man who would become one of the most notorious leaders of the twentieth century. None of the three papers included in this study consistently framed him as a credible political power prior to the Nationalist victory in Germany's last free elections, indicating that many of their readers would have had little reason to believe his growing popularity and eventual appointment as chancellor would result in the end of the Weimar Republic and the relative peace it ensured. This research demonstrates that the American press did recognize and convey the popular appeal of Hitler's movement, but tended to assign greater significance to the Nazis' strenh in relation to that of the German government. It also reveals that articles that framed him as a credible leader often contained what might be termed "policy" subframes that focused on his political appeal and ideas, while those that framed him as non-credible often contained what might be termed "personalization" subframes that focused on his background and personal attributes more than his political ideas. Because the presence and prevalence of each frame depended on the stability of the Weimar Republic, this research could serve as a springboard for other studies of the relationship between the perceived strenh of foreign governments and media coverage of extremist leaders and groups that wish to unseat them.
This is gonna backfire. There was some support for avoiding masks in schools. They even had legit concerns about distance learning. Some people hop on the No-AMAB-in-girls-sports train for non-hateful reasons. But now they want to ban teachers from talking about Jackie Robinson or the civil rights movement, and they’re overplaying their hand.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !