In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
No. The only requirements for running for president are 1) being at least 35 and 2) being a naturally-born citizen. You can run for president from death row if you want to.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Section 3: No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove such disability.
look I've done nothing wrong, nothing Criminal, not like the Radical Left, who hurt us very badly so so many times, I came in, "Sir, we have no Armor," I said what happened, "Obama, Sir, he hates the Military," and nobody's better at it than me ok, I've done a lot, probably got 100% of the Military Vote, but the Fake News would never tell you that, and when you see what I've done for our History, they say, "Trump is the Greatest Person Who's Ever Lived," and we had a lot of that, way more than the Democrats, and you had horrible people like Aretha Franklin, who treated me very unfairly by the way, almost as bad as Crooked Hillary if you can believe it, worse in some ways, you know what I'm talking about, and now you have Sleepy Joe, he's tearing our Country apart, our Beautiful Country. we used to have so many good things under Trump, but now, now we're Living In Harlem, you know what I mean, it's a Living Hell, ok, thank you, and I should tell you you're welcome if we're being honest about it.