In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Ah yes... The classic child's comeback. Bro you're out here simping for trump. Hard. If you haven't noticed by now, the man is a piece of shit. And you got some shit on you.
Attempts to get Ukraine to interfere in 2020 election Directing government officials and personal associates not to cooperate with congressional investigations of his conduct and retailiating against witnesses who cooperated with the investigation No reports of an active or previous criminal investigation.
2 fucking years. I live here. That shit was burned into my brain like 9/11. I hate the fact that trump hasn't been held accountable yet and probably won't.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Corruptly obstructing or impeding the Special Counsel investigation by attempting to curtail Special Counsel Mueller's investigation Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Corruptly obstructing or impeding the Special Counsel investigation by attempting to fire Special Counsel Mueller Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Corruptly obstructing or impeding the Special Counsel investigation by ordering White House Counsel McGahn to deny attempt to fire Mueller Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Corruptly obstructing or impeding the investigaiton of Michael Flynn Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Influencing the cooperation of Michael Flynn, a witness in special counsel investigations Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Influencing the cooperation of Paul Manafort, a witness in special counsel investigation Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Influencing the cooperation of Roger Stone, a witness in the special counsel investigation Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Influencing Michael Cohen, a witness in the special counsel and congressional investigations Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Aiding Michael Cohen's false statements to Congress Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Corruptly obstructing or impeding the FBI's Russia investigation by firing FBI Director James Comey Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Corruptly obstructing or impeding the FBI's Russia investigation by trying to influence FBI Director Comey's announcement of the investigation Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Corruptly obstructing or impeding the prosecution of Paul Manafort by attempting to influence his jury Investigation closed while Trump was president.
Obstruction of the Russia and Special Counsel Investigations Corruptly obstructing or impeding the Special Counsel investigation by attempting to have Attorney General Sessions take over the investigation.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Attempts to get Ukraine to interfere in 2020 election Causing (personally and through subordinates) federal officials to engage in partisan political conduct by involving them in a plot to pressure a foreign country to investigate Trump's campaign rival No reports of an active or previous criminal investigation.
Attempts to get Ukraine to interfere in 2020 election Asking a foreign national to open an investigation into a campaign rival--a thing of value that could constitute an unlawful foreign campaign expenditure No reports of an active or previous criminal investigation.
Attempts to get Ukraine to interfere in 2020 election Improperly withholding security assistance to Ukraine for his own political gain No reports of an active or previous criminal investigation.
Attempts to get Ukraine to interfere in 2020 election Corruptly seeking public statements from the President of Ukraine that would help President Trump win re-election in return for official actions, namely, a White House visit between the two leaders and the release of U.S. security assistance to Ukraine. No reports of an active or previous criminal investigation.