I was thinking the same thing - someone needs to rebuild in Russia and offer loans for development. Might as well be them! Then they get access to the strategic resources.
Homeownership shouldn’t be a basic indicator. We’re not gonna all own houses. There are countries where everyone rents forever and that’s perfectly fine.
The share of adults who live in middle-class if defined by absolute benchmarks (some say it can be a misleading term, as the middle-class is and always will be the middle 60% of the income distribution, that can’t shrink, it can only get better or worse off, meaning its average income level can rise or fall and its share of the total income pie can grow or shrink) households fell from 61% in 1971 to 50% in 2021, and now, half of adults ages 18 to 29 were living with one or both of their parents. This was down from a recent peak of 52% in June 2020 but still significantly higher than the share who were living with their parents in 2010 (44% on average that year) or 2000 (38% on average), the worst since The Great Depression. See the trend? The vast majority of these people aren't doing it because they want to. The uptick started in the 80's, specifically the late 80's. USA Today tried to fact check and blame it solely on COVID, when they did an article in 2021, but it's simply not true. The numbers have climbed for decades, and home prices and rent are only becoming more out of reach each year as more people struggle to afford what used to be basic indicators. Again, there is no debate this relation has only favored China, especially when it comes to workers. We got a bunch of cheap goods, most of which we don't need and lost a shit ton of good paying jobs. Crap trade off, allowing China to now become a powerhouse. It's funny you bring up protectionism, as China practices it just as much if not more than western countries with their forced cooperation and IP transfers, not to mention the outright theft. Solutions to the problem aren't going to be easy, hell it's already too late for the most part, but is doing nothing going to help? What are we even going to sell the world in 30 years time, that they won't be able to do themselves without more and more people being left behind/struggling? Do you think everyone can be doctors and code? Everyone can't go into a trade either, or else you'll just see wages plummet in those occupations as well, never mind all the automation coming. Again, we've basically F'd ourselves, and I don't know if there's any good way out of this mess at this point, but it doesn't mean the facts and the causes are to be debated at this point.