ITT: People who didn't read the article, and so believe that teens will be allowed to undergo sex reassignment surgery.
Bigoted Ignorance and reprehensible? You make it sound like I'm against gender reassignment and Gender change entirely and kids can not be trusted to make a decision involving surgery that can't be fully reversed. By all means help them change gender using non surgery methods.
Really? Because the Tories and Republicans told me teenagers just going through a phase are getting their breasts and penises’ removed and 10 year olds are being given hormone treatment because of their crazy liberal parents…… /s.
Incorrect. teens and preteens are humans with brains and the ability to learn and understand consequences. You may have been a mouth breather at that age and may still be, but many are not. A doctor and a therapist and lots of conversation between the teens and these experts and their families establish the ability to understand their ability to both consent and understand what medical treatments can do to them and for them and what the risks are over the long term. If anything less than this happens it is indeed malpractice. It does NOT mean young people cannot consent to permanent medical treatments. The same thing happens with corrective surgeries and things like growth hormones for children who may have stunted growth or blockers for precocious puberty that improve quality of life. While there will be invariably some people who end up with complications or dissatisfaction with gender affirming treatment these rates are in the low single digit %- as low or lower (sometimes much much lower) than almost any other widely accepted front line accepted medical practice. The only difference is peoples attitudes towards gender roles and thinly veiled bigotry and misogyny, homophobia and transphobia which have been fanned into an inferno by political interests who need to distract from other issues affecting the wider population and found trans people to be an easy target.