The Wikipedia article about the place in question also points out that North Korea's announcement did, indeed, make the connection to a mythological past to equate the cave with such to legimize the regime, so the claims are still outlandish.
RE-elected? Re-elected? Doesn’t that imply he was legitimately elected at some point, didn’t circumvent the constitution by becoming Prime Minister for a bit, then return to power as President? Re-elected? New math, I guess.
Crimea is a difficult topic for Russians politically , on one end you have tatars and ethnic Russians and historical claim Etc and on the other hand you have honouring Ukraine’s sovereignty and allowing it to do whatever it wants to crimea as its Ukrainian land , they don’t wanna get cancelled from their own society so they support Russian claim of crimea.
So, yeah. Despite all the talk of reconstituting the USSR and restoring Russian glory, Putin isn't demonstrating the behaviour of someone who cares at all about the welfare of the Russian people or about the continued prosperity of Russia after he's gone, he only seems to think about Russia as an extension of himself.
All I can come up with is that he's a man of a certain age and suddenly running a kleptocratic mafia state isn't enough for him: suddenly he wants to establish a legacy for himself - Putin has frequently compared himself to Peter the Great, but especially so in the last 5 years.
He's also not putting his family into positions of power in the state apparatus either, but it's hard to know that for sure since the identities of his children is such a closely kept secret, but the simple fact of that secret shows there's not going to be any kind of a "Putin dynasty" after he's gone either.
Putin doesn't have a Vice President, and - on the rare occasion he takes a break from his duties and officially delegates authority (rather than simply disappearing from sight without word) then he tends to appoint whoever's his favourite at the time, meaning, yeah, no clear political successor.