and I have probably 100% of the Republican Party, they all love Trump, they say to me, I hear it all the time, "Sir, you're even better than Reagan, better looking than JFK," so true, and we're gonna have even more Votes than last time, many many more, so many they won't be able to rig it. we'll see what happens. and I maybe could say something totally horrible about the Bidens, about Hunter, but I won't do it because I'm a Total Class Act, but it's disgusting if you want to know the truth, these are horrible people, but I would never say it, I can't say it, I'm too good. and ever since the Radical Left stole my Beautiful Election Victory we've had nothing but problems, you have trains going sky high, you have our air and our water, which were perfect under Trump, now you can't even go outside, it's unbelievable what these people are doing, they don't have any respect, they don't get any respect from Russia, they don't get any from China, and I have a great relationship with President Xi, he handled the problems over there pretty good but there was one that was maybe not so good, and I know the Fake News doesn't like it when I say it, but that's ok, we're talking about the China Virus, you know they made a movie about it, a long time ago, you all know the one, so you know it's been a problem, but then I did Warp Speed, nobody else could've done it, not Sleepy Joe, not Obama, not even Crooked Hillary Clinton and her Totally Faithful Husband Bill, they could never do it. you see we used to be an A+ in the Ratings, I gave you many many years of Great Ratings, and now they're thinking about turning off the printer, no more money, the Democrats gave it all away. first it was Obama, he gave our Taxes to Kenya and other places, then Sleepy Joe started giving it all away just to stop a little fight that President Putin is having over there, can you believe it, and we wouldn't even have had to go over if I was still in charge, all I would say is Vladimir, that's not good Vladimir. not good. "I'm sorry, Sir, I won't do it again," problem solved. instead we're sending all our Tanks, all of our Missiles and our Beautiful Soldiers over to be probably hurt and other bad things.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !