Your right. It’s absolute crazy how they committed fraud and stole peoples funds by transferring it to their personal slush fund for their hedge fund to trade with.
Like yeah, Ofcourse there’s scams proliferating with crypto, it’s a new way to creat wealth so obviously there will be scammers. But wether you believe in the crypto technology or not you arguing in bad faith to say that crypto caused this. The scam tokens will fall just like pump and dump penny stocks when they don’t preform.
Crypto does absolutely nothing to actually establish itself as decentralized in practice, because centralized entities will ALWAYS be the ones facilitating customers interacting with crypto. The black box of crypto transactions can be perfectly trustless, but that means literally nothing, because fraud almost NEVER occurs by physically intercepting an electronic communication and altering it. It almost always occurs by convincing someone to make a legitimate transaction under false pretenses.
Exactly. All this here sounds like a regulator/banker/centralized exchange issue here. Someone tell me whats the difference between this and someone like fidelity taking your customer deposits and using that make money on the side, losing it all and then halting withdrawals and FTX’s situation then Tell me how it’s the dollars fault that it happened and how our ability to transfer assets between eachother in a secure fashion broke because of the instability In our rules of exchanging money and assets.
Of course it is. It is easy to look at early investors and think you might win the lottery too. Of course it was never going to happen and was always going to end like this.
The thing is, "honest crypto" would work, but it requires different rules: It would have to be an actual currency, and for that to be stable enough you basically have to install private organisations that mimick most or all of the mechanisms that keep fiat currency stable - including ways to revalue the coin, "print" it infinitely but in moderation (because a small inflation percentage is actually healthy for the currency), ways to convince a critical mass of businesses to accept barter in said currency and so on.
Lol nice gaslighting. I already mentioned that FTT IS minted on chain. No one isn’t saying someone cant just spin up random tokens in chain. Thanks for proving your avoiding the point by arguing in bad faith.
The point of cryptocurrencies is not "decentralizing," but about subverting the EXISTING centralized authorities, legitimate financial institutions and government regulations, so that they can be replaced with illegitimate ones that can then abuse the system.
And I said what I said about hitting the nail in the head. None of what you said invalidates crypto at all, replace the FTT token specifically with their own cardboard dollars too and the crypto with real world currencies and tell me how this could have played out any differently with their scam.