Finland respects teachers very much, but the average pay there for teachers is rather low. It's a strange dichotomy.
Notice that the whole situation with the "young" ones which has been dragging for 2 decades means the profession which was reasonably prestigious in the old days has lost almost all appeal and faces huge lacks of teachers in areas were there is no big block of old teachers to cover it and which pay well outside the profession, such as IT (were a junior developer gets 4x what a middleschool IT teacher gets even after years in the career) were nowadays there are pretty much no candidates hence there have increasingly been problems of a lack of teachers even tough Portugal has a sub-replacement birth rate.
Blah, blah, blah. I tried to get licensed to teach in Massachusetts and gave it up after listening to malcontents like you. Try getting another job that pays you six figures for working half the year with a bullshit masters degree in what amounts to as sociology or some shit. Give us a break.
Portugal has effectivelly two different classes of teachers: the old ones who are permanent employees and have all manner of priviledges mainly gained during the decade after the revolution that overthrew Fascism in 74 and the "young" ones who are employed under temporary contract (some of them already for 20 years, so people in their 40s), which each year migh be sent to a different part of the country to teach (and I do mean hundreds of km away from were they live), get no raises and in general are treated like shit.
I quit the life this past year. I was happier looking for the right job for 4 months than I was with the job of teaching. Never looking back on it.
The traditional Teacher's Unions only ever cared about the old ones and did regular little demonstrations because, say, the counting for years for their salary increases had been frozen for a while after the 2008 Crash (yeah, they get get salary increases purelly on "house-years" and way beyond the point they're improving as professionals) as their members mostly cared about how much their pensions would be (as their value is 70% of the average pay of the final years of salary) and were getting restless as most are nearing retirement. These unions couldn't care less about the young ones.