I am a 23-year-old woman who flipped a Republican-held district and was elected to the Illinois General Assembly to represent the 51st District. I've been busy setting up our brand-new district office and meeting legislative deadlines as the session takes off in full force. Ask me how I got here, ask me how you can do it too, and ask me about my plans for this legislative session. Ask me anything!
There is a lot of polling that indicates that conservative voters will advocate for progressive policy, but only if they aren't presented by progressive or liberal politicians.
Thank you! I know it seems nitpicky to critique when you’ve got “bigger issues.” But I mean it as a genuine piece of advice, even if you already know it: don’t bury the lede. Be clear about who you are and what you want, using concise, clear, plain everyday language is essential. Reject the flowery vague jargon of political promises. Reject corporate language that obscures the point. Be direct. Then your work will speak for itself.
Once again, really grateful to serving with incredible legislators who have done a lot of work to protect reproductive rights Before I was sworn in, an omnibus bill re: reproductive rights and gender affirming care that protects health care providers and their patients from legal attacks by neighboring states and expands health care access and options across Illinois passed and was signed into law I'm still exploring how else we can support and protect patients coming in from neighboring states!
Ah, my bad. I just thought it was relevant here, as a tangent to the first comment. I would fully love to discuss this with the Rep/Op, but my facetious rephrasing of the first question to demonstrate how parallel I see the situations probably came off douchey and argumentative. Again, my bad.
Hi u/PeanutSalsa The work I do as a legislator is split between Springfield, our State Capitol, and our district office in the Northwest suburbs My main job responsibility as a legislator is to listen to folks in the community, draft legislation that has real impacts on our district and state, and work with other legislators to get it across the finish line. The other part of my job is to make sure that I have an office running in my home district that addresses any needs constituents have while they navigate government agencies or services!