The actual regulation is about porn that caters to pedophiles, even if it's made with adult actresses. The case that made it famous was a DVD series called Extreme Teen and a specific scene classified for it. The ratings board stated that it catered to pedophiles providing a list of supporting evidence points that included the fact that they selected an actress with extremely small breasts, intending to make her look adolescent. But that was one point on a list of about fifty things, which also included the fact that the actress was dressed in an elementary-school uniform, spent the scene talking in a widdle cutie wooty baby voice, was waxed bare and mentioned that she wasn't big enough to have hair down there, was extremely short to fit into actual children's clothes, started the scene doing a coloring book, cried for her mommy, said she didn't know what sex was or what penises were and was told to call the male actor's penis a "Pokemon stick" and his semen "Pokemon juice", promised not to tell her parents about it when they got home, etc. Many of the points were repeated across all scenes in the series including the fact that the actresses were consistently very young (all 18 or 19), very short, very small-breasted, always waxed bare, usually with actual children's clothes or clothes resembling them (Disney, Pokemon, etc shirts), always doing mousy childlike voices. The point being that any one of the details of the scenes or the actress's appearance might not make it qualify, or a single scene being like this out of a series might not qualify, but all the details taken together and applied consistently over dozens of DVDs made it clear that they were specifically trying to make the actresses resemble children as much as possible to market to pedophiles.
Dude. My brother and I always limp wrist pounds with one another as a running joke. People who don't know (you gotta go limp at the last second) just deflate.
The mining/minerals lobby is hugely powerful. They have active cheerleaders for the coal industry in parliament who were the government up until early last year. They’ve managed to make us drag our heels on climate policy for over a decade.