Here is the full text of the motion. It's actually pretty easy to understand and you can change the language at the top.
And you are absolutely correct when Reddit is braindead, particularly in the World News section since many of them can't help but be extremely emotionally triggered, angry racist pricks, in particular to Russia given it's invasion of Ukraine which is very tragic and terrible but i can't help but disturbingly see a dehumanizing attitude against Russia, especially with the term "ruzzia" which is a reference to the Z symbol on military convoys that has been used as a pro-war statement by the government and ultra-nationalists of Russia but sadly this has caused the other end of the spectrum to use the Z letter for the term "ruzzia" which more often than not has been used as an extremely derogatory, hateful, dehumanizing way against Russia as a nation and it's people, not just Putin and his government, showing that they aren't so much different from those they claim to despise.
“F. whereas according to reports from international investigative bodies and national special commissions, the Russian Federation is directly responsible for the downing of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 in July 2014, which killed all 298 passengers and crew, and for the crash of Polish Air Force Flight 101 in Smolensk, Russia, in April 2010, which killed all 96 people on board, including the President of Poland, Lech Kaczyński, Polish Government officials, senior Polish and NATO military commanders and members of the Polish Parliament;”.
I get it. Putin made clear how angry he was about having to face armed troops rather than being able to freely murder and rape his way across the country. How dare we help Ukraine defend themselves from the conquest of a fascist Russian dictator. I think you're stretching the bullshit a little far on this one.
Really? Well they don't seem to do a good job of it with all of their military adventures in the ME along with not doing a damn about Turkey and Saudi Arabia.