In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
What? No, I'm not going to give a link Do your own homework Stop believing big media Sheeple Woke MAGA AGAIN (Make America Great Again Again)!
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
"See what happened was I'd been standing in line on election day at the Anthem polling office on November 8th at around 11:00am I remember it was 11:00am because I left my house right after the Price is Right showcase showdown was over which I watch every day and I'd been standing in line for almost an hour in the damn sun sweating so bad and I know it was an hour because I had watched 2 episodes of Huckabee hosted by Mike Huckabee on my phone while I was waiting which is about a 20-30 minute show times 2 so that's how I know it was about an hour which outta be illegal and i know once you're governor Mrs Lake you'll fix this RIGGED election FRAUD nonsense and save our country! Then when I finally got my ballot and started filling in the bubbles my pen started to run out of ink. Just went plain dry. So I shook it a few times and licked it even though maybe that's not so sanitary but what else am i supposed to do and so I ask the poll worker who I could tell was libral just the way she dressed and looked mad like she didn't know Jesus for another pen she gave me one but when I did the bubbling again it still didn't write right, like it wasn't smooth and didn't fill in like it was supposed to you know. So I looked real close at the paper and wouldn't you know I start to see these little tiny fibers throughout the paper like bamboo fibers like you'd see in a Chinese person's hat which got me thinking about those Biden ballots in 2020 shipped over from communist China along with the China virus that helped steal the election from our wonderful President Trump and I think that's what's happening again here but instead these China bamboo ballots are made especially to stop our pens from writing and they only give them out to Republicans and patriots who want to vote for you Mrs Lake and we can't let them do this to us again. So that's how I know this election is rigged. I attached a photo of my ballot for evidence.".
Voter suppression and gerrymandering are real factors and it was extremely clear that Republicans drew voting district lines to make Black voters’ ballots useless AND tried their best to stop Black people from voting. There’s evidence of this.