In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Look. I can stand Trump. Total piece of shite. That said, he was misunderstood in that case. He never suggested drinking bleach. Go back and listen to the clip. He was just being normal Trump. Thinking he knows more than anyone else on earth. Suggesting that maybe a cure was as easy as doing something LIKE using bleach to cleanse out the virus. He never suggested drinking bleach. Anyone who says otherwise is either the media trying to make a buck or someone not paying attention. This particular episode bugs the hell out of me.
Easily maneuvered? It seems that a lot of Manipulated And Gullible Assholes, AKA MAGA were maneuvered from the day Trump announced his candidacy. You and the rest of MAGA were ffooled and still being fooled.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
nobody was even tough enough to talk about it until I came along, the Fake News was fine with Crooked Hillary doing all the Rigging, they were helping her, they said "it's no problem we can help," there was a lot of Rigging going on and I said it's a Rigged Election, people loved it, they'd never even heard of it before, it went over even better than Build The Wall and they really love that one, and Mexico paid for it because as I've said many many times Promises Made Promises Kept, I kept every Campaign Promise that I made and did even more than that, you would've never had Tax Cuts, never had, the Democrats wanted to take away your Social Security and Medicare but I stopped it, I said we only take away the Medicaid not the Medicare because we Care for our Seniors, nobody cares about them more than I do believe me, and now we're doing a, because I sold out of Presidential NFTs in Seconds we're gonna be doing another round, we're also gonna be, because I'm the King of Real Estate, we're doing Trump Virtual, we're selling Virtual Land, they've been doing it, they got the idea from me a long time ago I said we should do Real Estate but we should do it inside the Computer, they said, "that's an Incredible Idea, Sir," I said I know that, because I have a lot great ideas, I'm my Main Consultant, my Brain is very very good, very youthful and sharp, still have a Great Look, really amazing and tremendous Genes, Dr. John Trump, MIT Professor, very Smart, people still talk about him they say, "your Uncle was really smart," and then they tell me I'm probably even more of a Super Genius, I mean he could never do what I do but I could probably do Science just as good if not better, I'm a natural just like with Medical, I know a lot about it. I should probably open up my own line of hospitals, Trump Hospital, like General Hospital but way way better, even the Radical Left Democrats will be begging me to go there, "please Sir you have the Greatest Doctors and the Greatest Medicine, please can you help us Sir?" I said I'd think about it, I'd think about it, maybe, we'll see what happens.