For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
If they're incarcerated, they're incarcerated. They can't do anything outside, though they may be able to vote by proxy if the GOP keeps that, which I think they've said they won't. They're just absent.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove such disability.
Self-interest is a powerful motivator. Are they willing to sacrifice their own seats to help people they don't even necessarily agree with? Maybe. But it's not obvious they'll cave.
"Finally, state-imposed restrictions, unlike the congressionally imposed restrictions at issue in Powell.
But he wouldn't have to resign. He could go on trial while remaining in the House, and even if he's convicted, he could remain in the House. Should he resign? Sure. But would he? Probably not. The GOP could try to pressure him to resign, but, ultimately, it would still be his decision. They could expel him, but that would take at least a ⅔ supermajority, so at least ⅓ of House Republicans would have to vote to expel him, assuming 100% of Democrats were in favor.
The 14th Amendment is untested against incumbents (AFAIK), and if you just mean the normal expulsion process, then I'm not confident we'd see at least ⅓ of Republicans vote with Democrats to expel that member, since it takes a ⅔ supermajority.