Solar is not the cheapest option, not even close. The amount of minerals needed for 1 solar panel is an order of magnitude higher than coal. You know how many minerals you need to have power from coal? 1. That’s it, coal is all you need. You find a rock and you burn it. Anyone believing that solar, which requires a massive supply chain expanding the 5 continents and and armada of shipping containers powered by diesel transporting minerals across all the oceans in the world before the work to produce a single solar cell has even begun, is cheaper than finding a rock and burning it is grossly uninformed or being paid to push a false narrative.
Why are you getting downvoted? You're 100 percent right. The delivery cost of solar might be cheaper but at the moment, the logistics, manufacturing and storage costs are still quite high. Not to mention unless you have a huge tract of land for panels or a ton of money for a lot of big batteries, solar can't keep up with most load requirements. Case in point, I have solar heating as well as backup solar power. The heating is only reliable when it's sunny for at least several hours a day, so when it's cloudy we have to switch back to the grid and even then we sometimes run out of hot water. And our backup power can only keep the lights on and charge low wattage devices. Turn on a kettle or the microwave and the system gets overloaded.
>Governments also spent considerable sums on recapitalisation, debt suspension and support for energy companies or key energy-intensive industries. For example, the Peruvian government authorised an exceptional injection of capital, as well as a loan guarantee, to state-owned Petroperú. France fully renationalised EDF to reinforce its financial position during the crisis and to ensure its ability to complete planned and unplanned maintenance work on its nuclear fleet. And Germany provided a EUR 13 billion credit line to Uniper, which operates thermal power generation assets, to secure the company's short-term liquidity.