In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
I don’t know about that. This SP has teeth, he’s allowed to pursue all leads, investigate, and charge offenders, (that’s a critical distinction), unlike the Mueller investigation, which was extremely narrow in scope, and avoided mission creep, and could not even look at finances.
No. Trump talked to him in a way that implied Trump was his friend. Trump neither cared nor believed he was his friend.
and there's Nothing To Find, you have a, what I like to call a Very Unspecial Prosecutor, who was only put there by the Radical Left to start an Illegal and Political Witch Hunt against me and against all of you, remember that, because Sleepy Joe is highly against our Constitution, our Beautiful Constitution, and nobody's done more than me to protect it, not Obama, not Clinton, not even the First George, who wasn't even as bad as his son, can you believe it? and then you had Reagan, Ronald Reagan, liked me a lot for some reason, and he would say, "Sir, you're even better than George Washinon," it's true, don't forget I came in, you had the Biggest Liar and Leaker James Comey, he was looking into Trump, looking into Russia, I said I didn't like that, so I fired him, and then we had 4 Tremendous Years, a Beautiful Economy, Incredible Stock Market, and then Crazy Nancy decided she loves China, you all saw what happened, it's a Complete Disgrace to our Country. you know we never had anything as good as we did under Trump. we had lots and lots of problems, and everybody knows it, but then on Day One I took care of it, and they said to me, "Sir, you've Aced the Presidential Test, nobody gets all of the questions," and I said you'd better believe it. even China and probably a lot of other places know about Donald Trump's very large and very very good brain. ok, you can thank me later, no autohraphs thank you.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !