In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Yes. The plaintiff is seeking a preliminary injunction preventing the Colorado Civil Rights Commission from enforcing two clauses of the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act against her business.
Yes. The effect of a ruling in this case of the kind which the conservative majority is likely to make would give a person the right to refuse service (so long as it is in some sense creative) to anyone on the basis that they disagree with the prospective client's beliefs. It won't extend to the sale of plain goods - because selling a person a bag of apples isn't speech - but could apply to a pretty wide range of services.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
(a) It is a discriminatory practice and unlawful for a person, directly or indirectly, to refuse, withhold from, or deny to an individual or a group, because of disability, race, creed, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, national origin, or ancestry, the full and equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, or accommodations of a place of public accommodation or, directly or indirectly, to publish, circulate, issue, display, post, or mail any written, electronic, or printed communication, notice, or advertisement that indicates that the full and equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities, privileges, advantages, or accommodations of a place of public accommodation will be refused, withheld from, or denied an individual or that an individual's patronage or presence at a place of public accommodation is unwelcome, objectionable, unacceptable, or undesirable because of disability, race, creed, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, national origin, or ancestry.
That's not how it works, though. If the government is threatening you with prosecution if you violate a law, then you don't have to risk getting yourself thrown into jail in order to have a right to challenge it. You can challenge laws without the need to have them enforced against you. This is well-established. It happens all the time.
The whole idea of having to find a conservative business or a democrat business puts me in mind of Northern Ireland, in which the Protestant and Catholic communities didn't mix for decades leading to parallel societies which didn't interact occupying the same geographic area.
She has a website business. She just doesn't offer wedding websites because the state would come after her for discrimination if she did. She wants to start making wedding websites only for straight weddings, but is unable to do so under existing law without putting herself in legal jeopardy.
She's also stated her intention to place a statement on her business's website that says she'll only do wedding websites for straight couples. That statement is illegal by itself under Colorado law, which opens her up to enforcement action.