I am staunchly pro-choice, but one would have to be delusional to truly think that having an abortion is merely a minor medical procedure like any other. Terminating a pregnancy is not the same thing as having a mole removed from your backside. For many women, it is a traumatic experience and more than a few end up dealing with strong feelings of guilt, or even remorse, after having one. Making sure that every would-be patient has a chance to have all the information they need, has a chance to have all their questions answered before they put on the hospital gown, and is compelled to spend a few days making sure it is the right decision for them before they step into the clinic for the procedure seems pretty reasonable.
No. This is still a completely different scenario than having it be illegal to receive or perform. Not to mention that traveling to another region for a procedure if needed for the reasons listed is vastly more accessible due to cost and distance, and even trying to do so would also be illegal in some of the US states we're discussing.
I’ll say it again…. No person has rights to anyone’s body but their own. And that is final. That is where this argument ends.
Meanwhile, in countries with properly sane access to abortion, and I think Germany is doing fairly well - at least compared to the insanity that is American abortion politics, mandatory counseling and 3 days is not much of a burden and will be of some use even for families that have done a lot of their own thinking and independent work to be informed on the options and potential consequences.
I didn't feel patronized at all. Now, admittedly, this is not an apples to apples comparison, but it is another example of an adult making an informed decision to have an elective medical procedure involving their own reproduction.
No. They are not nearly as bad as that. While they leave something to be desired for certain, abortion is vastly more accessible here then in the US states where it's been more or less made wholly illegal / impossible. And you'd be hard pressed to find a German doctor who'd refuse a woman lifesaving emergency care because it might be construed as abortion-related - something that's now happening far too often in those states.
No, counselling is not required for emergency late-term abortions, and this is yet another example of your apparent desire to argue from a place of feelings and hyperbole, not facts.