with the promise of a perfectly engineered society: one in which AI companies work with police to track down fugitives, find abducted children and publicly shame jaywalkers; in which public services, rewards for good deeds and punishments for misbehavior are all delivered with mathematical precision and efficiency.
1. Do you see any of this surveillance tech (or similar) in western countries and where? Do you think we are going that way?
Transparency: Companies and organizations collecting and using personal data should be transparent about their practices and allow individuals to control their data.
1. Absolutely. China has sold state surveillance systems to police in more than 80 countries, including some cities in Western Europe. You also have facial-recognition and other AI-driven surveillance systems being used by police departments across the U.S. -- not Chinese made, but functionally the same. Police in every country love these tools, and it makes sense. The tech makes their jobs much easier. Unlike in China, the U.S. and other Western countries have the ability to impose meaningful legal restraints on how law enforcement agencies use surveillance systems. The question is whether voters pressure lawmakers to actually impose those restraints. Europe has been aggressive in this respect. The U.S. not so much.
Education: Educating the public about the risks and benefits of data and technology can help individuals make informed choices and hold companies and organizations accountable.
2. A surprising amount of the information we use is public inside China. Our book was based in part on going through stacks of public procurement documents that detail what surveillance systems the government is buying. With other types of information, we take a lot of precautions in our reporting to protect ourselves and (more importantly) our sources. We use encrypted chat apps whenever possible. We're careful about when and how we meet with people. Both of us live outside China now, so it's harder for the government to track us -- though any competent state can find you if it really wants to.