It's never been particularly reliable. Videos of crimes are usually shitty CCTV cameras, for one thing. It's often impossible to prove beyond a reasonable doubt who is even in the video.
I understand there is an impulse for people in our industry to 'gatekeep' participation in an effort to preserve job security, and to rebuff your point specifically, you don't need a knowledge of classical painting techniques, color theory, and composition to paint, or similar writing disciplines to write, or even programming fundamentals to write working (albeit messy) code, but these disciplines are still invaluable if you intend to create something specific, even when given a 'starting-point' by an AI tool, good luck recognizing what to change in/ add to a piece, let alone how to go about doing so without understanding the medium.
Is this wrong? Should this be illegal? Should I be forced to give credit to Jane Doe for my own image that I made? Should I be compensating her or giving her royalties in some way? I think the answer to all of those questions is no. She didn't make the art, I made the art. I certainly could give credit and mention that she inspired me. But I don't think there's any reason I really need to.
Disempower and stigmatize the already victimized chinese citizenry, especially abroad, which may paradoxically make said citizenry resentful, in effect pushing them towards the CCP.
Good call. If it doesn’t have a watermark, it’s not identifiable as AI generated, meaning there is no method to distinguish it from a real image. That opens the door to censoring any real yet inconvenient images under the guise of them being "AI generated.".
Legal justifications rarely enable a government to do more than it already could, but it does enable governments to more easily perform actions that would ordinarily incite pushback in the form of protest from citizenry and/or international sanctions from trade partners (which can also be motivated by protest from citizens of those trade partners).