Russia's allies aren't looking very powerful right now. China has been suffering from Covid related economic decline and a real estate market collapse. China is also preoccupied with Taiwan. Iran is dealing with economic problems and massive protests. Other Russian allies are struggling as well. Russia's prospects for forming an alliance that could challenge Western nations was better before they invaded Ukraine. This is another Russian fantasy of restoring their position as a world power.
Wonderful. I’m happy to hear it. My anecdotal experience is only that: situational and personal to me. I work with some Russians in an academic/occasionally private sector settings. The ones I’ve met are frankly kind of unusually spiteful—their colleagues (I am not a scientist, I’m in tech transfer/patent administration) find them difficult to work with. I am admittedly chastened by the above comment that the stereotypes I am reporting could be applied to other ethnicities … unfairly. I apologize for perpetuating a loathsome behavior. I guess if you can’t say something nice about someone, you should just bite your tongue. I’ve learned my lesson.
Ultranationalism. I don't know if i'd class that as extreme right, as you could have an ultranationalistic communist state, but it's primarily ultranationalist. To a genocidal extent.
Seriously. They've got nothing to negotiate with except leaving Ukraine and ending this stupid fucking war.
In this case, Russia doesn't want to take the first step, which is to leave Ukraine. So, no basis for any further negotiations really. Russia's "escalate to de-escalate" gambit is failing them, because there's no next steps for them to take - they're at the edge of how far they can take this thing, and Ukraine is still taking back ground. So all they have left are threats:
Russia held military drills with China, Azerbaijan, Algeria, Armenia, Belarus, India, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, Mongolia, Nicaragua, Syria and Tajikistan. Those were about mutual defense agreements.