I will share a story about Steven seagal and me. About 16 years ago I was living in Los Angeles and a friend of mine had gotten me a job doing catering on movie sets. My very first day doing this we drove from la down to Long Beach with a truck full of Costco food and put out some tables in the area we were supposed to be in and started setting up veggie trays sandwiches and other things. I was very excited that we were on a Steven seagal movie set because I grew up watching movies like under siege and above the law and all that crap. Around 11:00 a.m. an executive assistant for the director called everybody on the set to the middle of this huge navy Warehouse we were in. He gave us all a big pep talk and then shifted gears. He said when Mr Segal arrives on set, we were absolutely forbidden to approach him, gesture at him or initiate any sort of contact whatsoever with him. We were also forbidden to even go near his trailer. After that we were talked to individually and it was brought up that he had a $20,000 hair piece that he would be wearing and that under no circumstances where we allowed to touch it or have any sort of involvement with anything to do with it or we would be immediately fired. The movie was financed by a Russian production company and most of the people running the cameras and other things were russian. As filming for the scene began, Steven seagal had to do a short sequence of things. He would fire a prop gun say a few lines, make karate at people and then exit a door that had orange tape around the bottom. After about 15 or 20 times of just improvising lines and making up the karate choreography as he went along despite the crew seeming irritated that he had practiced a different choreography earlier with them. He eventually got the whole scene correct said his line and then exited through a different door. The door he exited through was screwed closed but had come open and was just wedged shut. Upon opening it it went to a sheer 20-foot drop down to the waters below. We were in a Navy Warehouse in the Long Beach port. He opened this door and walked out and everybody on set saw him take one step right into that water 20 ft below. We all ran over to the door to look out to see if he was alive or we didn't even know. He was cussing like a wild animal down in the water and holding on to a pillar. The wig came off of his head and floated away. Some of the production team got some bolt cutters and took a emergency boat and went and pulled him out of the water. Production was totally cut off in the movie was scrapped. He took all the money they were giving him and didn't finish the movie and we were all fired. That's showbiz kids...
Russian engineering. probably rushed through and previous test failure reports shredded in order to keep Putin happy. Because putin only wants YES men because No men end up thrown out windows.
unfortunately.... The Poseidon torpedo is a nuclear-powered unmanned underwater vehicle capable of carrying both conventional and nuclear munitions. Its nuclear propulsion system gives the Poseidon virtually limitless range.