In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Exactly. We pretty much have the same goal in mind, although we have very different ideas on how to get there. I do not doubt Cheney’s ultimate loyalty, which is to the US.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
no enemy, never an enemy, I've never been an Enemy of the Constitution, which is what the Failed Senator from Wyoming told the Fake News, and it's a Lie, a Total and Complete Scam on the American Public, the likes of which we've probably never seen before, not since the Greatly Rigged 2020 Election, and they've always been bad, the Radical Left has always been causing problems for our Country, problems for our World if you want to know the truth, and don't forget you would've never even had a Space Force without President Trump, I came in and I said what's with all the problems at NASA, what are they doing there, and everybody knew that I was going to fix it beautifully, and all of a sudden, and we're talking not even Days, maybe Hours, you had probably the toughest people you've ever seen in Space, that much I can tell you, we did a lot, far far more than any other Administration in History, even the Fake News would probably tell you that, they would hate it but they would agree, "yes, President Trump Is The Best President We've Ever Had." you look at Lincoln, Honest Abe, you look at others, and have probably close to zero of them even coming close, that's how good I am, remember, thanks to Obama we had a Large Number of Troops in Afghanistan, in other places, I said I'm Bringing Them Home, and we would've had a Perfect Getaway if it wasn't for Sleepy Joe. you know they say he even let North Korea get to where they are with the Nuclear, and we had, they did no Nuclear under Trump ok, just so you understand, we had an Agreement, we shook hands, and you would think for how Tough he is, and how much his people love him, that he would have Very Tough Hands but they were soft, soft like I don't know what you would say but you could tell, we shook hands and he was very very Impressed with my Handshake, he said to me he said, "Sir, you're probably the Strongest Man In North Korea," and I said everybody knows that, and then he told me that if I wasn't President, the United States of America would've been having lots of problems already, so if you think about it I've actually Saved The World many many times, and yet you have Sleepy Joe, he's done Next To Nothing, which is just like the Democrats, they do nothing, they get nothing done, but under Trump you had Glory and you had Beauty, and you'll never get that with Sleepy Joe, you never got it with Obama, and you would've totally never got it with Crooked Hillary. ask anyone and they'll tell you, "Trump is the Best In The World," ok, no more questions, you're welcome.