I have lived both sides. My husband and I were low blue collar in the 80s. I would say my husband was nearly dirt poor. We both worked summers like dogs. 60+ hours a week to try to pay for as much of our upcoming school year as we could and we both took out student loans for the rest. We worked 20 hours a week during the school year. It was HARD, but not impossible. Let me tell you what has changed. I have raised four children now, and all college educated. They worked in the summers. But, nobody will give a kid 60 hours anymore. And, if they try to piece together two part time jobs, employers don't like that because they have to schedule around another job. This seriously limits their ability to make enough money in the summers to pay tuition and fees and then also housing. People think they are "just kids" so they pay them GARBAGE wages as if they don't have a desire for a future. Rent. OMG, the cost of RENT. All of my kids took out the standard student loan amounts and it paid for approximately half of their tuition, fees and living expenses. HALF. All came out with $30,000 in debt and only because we picked up the other half. So, essentially, my husband and I paid for our own schooling, then paid for the equivalent of two more in our late adulthood. I am not asking for anyone to pay for our kids. We had them, but when ignorant ass people try to compare going to university today with when we went, I want to kick them in the ass. Everything is exponentially more expensive: Books, fees, rent, transportation, food... health insurance. We have monetized education for the rich. If I had anything to say to employers is to PLEASE pay your summer college bound workers a more than fair wage. Think of it as an investment into their future. These kids DO want to work, but are absolutely drowning with no where to go to make this happen for them if they don't have family who has already "made it.".
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !