In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Yes. Yes it is but.. it is very characteristic of this orange turd. No one should be surprised. It is also characteristic of his followers and the party that enabled him. They may be trying to create distance but I will stay here and remind the world that there are millions of "sane" conservatives that got in line, and would again, when this clown was saying the same nonsense in 2016. He is a loser and so is every conservative with him.
Honestly? As someone who was raised in a conservative house (but now actively fights against their politics), I genuinely weep at how deeply bankrupt these leaders are (both in the past, but especially now). There's a lot of times we say things like "the cruelty is the point", and that's all true... But I still want to live a life where I hope for the best in people. Where even people who do deeply wrong things act out of inner pain and can have moments of self reflection. Where I can at least empathize with my "enemies" and in that way live by the tradition of "love thine enemies" I was raised in.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
i want to wish everyone a happy holiday, including the America-hating MAGAloids that nearly succeeded in destroying our country, the FBI for steadfastly investigating the former president who stole top-secret docs and tried to overthrow an election ensuring that a mentally stunted Russia-loving Donald Judas Trump cant run for office again, the department of justice for appointing a special prosecutor to investigate our criminally traitorous former president, and who couldn't possibly "hate 'trump' more than any person on earth" because that person is me.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.