There are extremists - people that do genuinely want to hurt and kill people. There are ignorant people who have philosophical ideas and beliefs that might share and or overlap with extremists that don't want to hurt or kill people but might if they are given the impression they are under threat. There are people who have philosophical ideas and beliefs that might share and or overlap with extremists and those who are ignorant who don't want to hurt and or kill people and won't no matter what nonsense any group tries to spin. There are people who generally don't adhere to any of those beliefs and or philosophical ideas that just want to be left out and or alone. There are people who are familiar with the plight of the marginalized and or victimized that might fit within the first category of sharing beliefs and ideas of the extremists and the ignorant and due to their proximity, familiarity or awareness of those victimized and or marginalized, defend those groups. There are victims, marginalized and vulnerable who just want to be left alone and don't want to be involved. There are those who are victims, marginalized and vulnerable who actively fight for their rights and the rights of others. There are those who are victims and or marginalized who feel angry and want justice and there are those among them who not only want justice but they want to destroy the institutions that they feel victimize them, institutions that are important to those who's identity depends on them - like religious institutions. Among the religious there are all of the above. Among non-religious there are all of the above and this list is by no means exhaustive, just a brief explanation of how complex this population is.
- Promoted privatization of many government companies. That's not government centralization and economic control like fascism.
Absolute Power of the State: Fascist regimes have a strong centralized state, or national government. The fascist state seeks total control over all major parts of society. Individuals must give up their private needs and rights to serve the needs of the whole society as represented by the state.