The real hot take is that we are comparing & comparing that 12 B dollars (less than 2% of the military budget) isn’t being spent on a tax Credit rather than the fact we spend approaching 60% of our total Tax income on the Military which ends up murdering innocent people abroad & at home. Why? Obviously for practical reason less than sadistic ones, military oppression allows for less human rights & easier & infinitely cheaper access to human labor & the resources that US companies need access to to turn into products they sell back to us in Factories in countries that we have directly sabotaged their own democratically elected governments and imposed terror on US domination of industry and military force. We should be taking 300B from the military budget to reinvest in American infrastructure, social programs and small business in order to restore integrity into our society. Our country is run like a business & until that changes the bottom line will be profit, not peoples livelihood or wellbeing. The past 70 years of American Foreign Military Policy is a sweeping injustice beyond the comprehension of the modern American to the world at large, & even more distgustingly im the name of righteousness and moral duty-meanwhile committing genocide against sovereign people half way across the world, & at the same time innocently preying on young Americans who are indoctrinated to believe the military is a source of honor and courage & many times impoverished and indeed of financial aid and thus join the army in hopes of a life in exchange for their life. To add to the sadness those every people sent half way across the world to commit atrocities are left to rot in mental and physical decay spreading their trauma to others in society inadvertently or through shittty social policies built to reinforce terrible stigmas and psychological complexes of narcissistic and sociopathy that arise from the inter-generational doves of genetics, culture & materialistic discourse or conditions we inherit from our past. We must mobilize on these core issues and leave the culture war alone & let people.
Deservingness heuristic. They believe these people deserve to be treated this way as long as it’s not them.