What Russia needs to be classified as is "state sponsor of terror" where nobody in the west can do business with them. And anybody else who does business with them, is cut off from the west.
Exactly! Every month with less oil is a month closer to sustainable energy. On a sidenote, coal consumption in Europe did not increase significantly the last month's. (Only about 3%) so we are right on track to a better future.
Exactly. The war is not their fault. And they aren't in a position to buy anything else on moral grounds.
The only thing Russia drastic could do in response here is attempt to coerce its business partners - and if Russia does try that, then India/China join the West's sanctions regime against Russia (at which point, every minor country that's buddies with the West or India or China will join the sanctions too, and that's basically the whole world so Russia's economy loses all imports/exports and basically collapses) and, if Russia does invade, then 1) Russia is fighting a two-front war when they're not even winning the first front, and 2) India and China both have large armies themselves, so the best Russia can hope for is a stalemate.
Far less. Not only are Russian sales of oil and oil products wordwide lower their profits, which they need to fund the invasion, are even more drastically affected.
If it costs Russia, say, $40, to pump and export oil then a price cap that reduces their selling price from $100 to $50 doesn't cut their profit by 50%, it reduces it by five sixths, all without creating an oil price shock that would hurt poor countries.
Plus it doesn't matter for the purposes of sanctions whether India buys and resells Russian oil, all that matters is that Russian oil is having to be sold at a price much lower than the market price. You wouldn't want to drive Russian oil out of the market entirely because that would push the price of all oil up and hurt developing countries. This mechanism of a price cap that only affects the price of Russian oil is very clever.