In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Wealth? More valuable than money - it’s who you can talk to, it’s where you can go, it’s what you have control over, it’s the power you have. They aren’t fighting for money. They’re fighting for wealth. Wealth of all kinds, not just monetary. Wealth is what your money can do for you and it’s what even money can’t reach.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Unfortunately, proving beyond all reasonable doubt he is a traitor is a long, complicated process, not least because he can afford some of the best lawyers in the business, so the government's case has to be watertight - they have to prove he intended his supporters to overturn the election rather than merely peacefully protest; that his call to action was more than mere hyperbole - hence why Prosecutors are also investigating his business dealings, his tax affairs, and his unauthorised removal and storage of government documents (IIRC, the Presidential Records Act covers all government documents, regardless of classification status, including unclassified documents - but in the light of documents turning up at the homes of Biden and Pence, they need to prove intent - although the obstruction by his lawyers and repeated denials of documents being classified will probably aid their case).
They care about wealth. Right now, all of them have Fuck You Money. That means they don’t give a single fuck about what might happen. Profit margins are an excuse. yes, the thing we’ve all been told is the real bad guy, that’s just an excuse. At best, it’s a secondary goal.
I read once that a quarter of all Appeals Court judges were appointed during Trump's term - they'll use any and all legal means to stack the courts in their favour - and if ISL is accepted by SCOTUS, they'll probably push to allow State legislatures to override other rules they don't like (perhaps even finding a form of wording which would allow them to opt out of Federal laws, rules and regulations, but prohibit Dem States from doing so).
And we gotta be real now. They’re winning. Not just one goal lead either. They’re knocking the poor around like ping pong balls, taking turns railing us. It’s been a fucking layup since Raegan.
The problem, as always, is inaction, uncertainty, and disorganization. We're in the stage, as described in "They Thought They Were Free":