It's just history rhyming. Economic problems across the globe, leading to radicalism and general dissatisfaction amongst the public, making them more susceptible to populist, fascist, authoritarian talking points.
How? Well even if it was a big deal in the US, the administration managed to stimulate economy comparingly fast by making debts and investing in projects under FDR. In Keynesian economics, it's called an anticyclic reaction. It gave people work and trust in the market again.
Really? I’ve never heard it not mentioned as essentially the only reason Hitler was able to scape goat the Jews and rise to power. Nearly everyone that talks about it knows that Germany’s economy was fucked after WWI which directly lead to WWII.
The ethno-nationalism. The fact that Georgia Meloni has literally publicly praised Mussolini and the original fascist party. They based their party logo off of the logo of the original fascist party. The obsession with traditional regimented patriarchal family structure and the vilification of LGTBQ+ people.
German chancellors before Hitler considered it impossible or at least a bad idea to make more debts and to invest. It was also very hard to get more money, because all the American loans just got pulled back (America obviously wanted to get her money back, when the crash happened). They could have printed more money and inflated the Reichsmark, but the Hyperinflation woes from 1921-1923 were too recent, so the idea was obviously unpopular. Trying to save money instead of stimulating the economy, the fiscally conservative Catholic politician Brüning send Germany into a downward spiral when trying to cut down costs (procyclic reaction), which made him famous as the "Hunger Chancellor".
I know right. Like, 95% of wars are started for economic reasons. They might be framed as some fight for freedom or the holy land or a liberation campaign or what have you, but at the end of the day you kill people to take land and access resources, which makes your society wealthier.