So not many people can even have differing opinions when talking about Ukraine on Reddit. Like of course I support Ukraine and because we didn’t help them last time we had to support them this time especially because Russia would just continue trying to invade other countries if we didn’t step in. Still there’s not a lot of transparency about the money we send and whether we are just escalating the war or actually helping regain territory. Volodymyr Zelenskyy was put into one of the worst positions a president can be put into. He was placed into a government of corruption with ties to both Russia and the U.S. even though he was put in with idea of him being a western backed president. Like I hate that u are ether a Russian puppet or a war hawk can we not just navigate this conflict more appropriately. We are just as capable of propaganda as anyone else and some during wartime is understandable to steer people to support Ukraine but for all the money we are sending can we not at least spend billions to alleviate some of our own problems as Americans our cities, our food deserts, our crime, or even our homelessness. There are plenty of issues people are reeling from like the economy and our government just picks and chooses what to spend massive amounts of money on. I realize that sending aircraft to Ukraine is important to them but it is going to have repercussions. Whether it’s right or wrong I don’t know only that we should at least talk about it rather than just say it’s ok. I’ll stop now because I’m stupid for even writing this but Thank you for reading something from someone who barely uses Reddit and is just a stupid head for wasting my time god I’m stupid.
Absolutely! Like I said, it’s definitely something to be thought about. I did myself closer to the beginning of this conflict but I also have a personal interest in Ukraine because I have Ukrainian friends. And I’ve heard these sorts of concerns which is what prompted me to look into it more with as open a mind I could.