You don't have to worry about Democrats in Georgia being unmotivated. I guarantee that, bc we don't lack the will to fight or vote. We've turned Georgia purple in recent years, so please give credit where credit is due...the actual problem we face involves voter suppression laws, gerrymandering of districts, and the fact that the state is nearly equally matched in its political division. Walker isn't popular, no, but Republicans will vote for him if the Senate is on the line...I'm really hoping that it won't be, bc it's basically a coin toss as to who will win (and depends entirely upon the will of Republican voters to turnout, not Democrats, bc technically they outnumber us in all areas outside of Atlanta).
I live in GA, so I can definitely explain to you how Walker has a chance...almost all of my republican "friends" (in quotations bc the relationships are very strained) didn't vote for Walker or the third party candidate. They either skipped it or wrote-in someone else's name in protest. These were younger voters (40 & under). All of the older people voted for Walker. So here's why that's important, and this is more than anecdotal, bc I've heard several political analysts toot the same horn of warning: If control of the Senate comes down to the outcome of GA's runoff, then every Republican in the state is going to vote for Walker, no matter how much they dislike him (bc they fear for their lives if democrats are in power, and I mean, literally, they think the world will go to hell). And despite the fact that GA is purple, there is real voter suppression on the democratic side and a shit-ton of people, who normally don't vote, but will vote Republican in the runoff to "save real Americans & babies"...they'll be coming out of the woods in frightening numbers like zombies, and the sad fact is those votes will outnumber the Democrats, who will be hardpressed to find more voters than they have, bc it's one thing to scare poor people into voting against their interest, and an entirely different thing to educate them in only a month's time. So seriously, I'd curb your expectations, at the very least, but still hope for the best... we will do our best to win, so wish us luck!
- Gerrymandered districts affect voting for U.S. Congressional Representatives. (And so, gerrymandering is completely unfair. Example: Utah used to have 3 U.S. Congressional Representatives (2 GOP & 1 DEM). Now Utah has 4 GOP Congressional Representatives (no Dem reps? Why? They divided BLUE Salt Lake City into the other districts.