Russia’s influence is faltering. This is the second CSTO member to openly rebuke Putin in public in the past two months. If this war continues as it’s been Russia will be lucky to have any sphere of influence when the dust settles.
Specifically Armenia. Poor prime minister is in a room full of dictators and they despise someone who freely got elected from his people.
Hi wewhomustnotbenamed. Your submission from businessinsider.com is behind a metered paywall. A allows users to view a specific number of articles before requiring paid subscription. Articles posted to /r/worldnews should be accessible to everyone. While your submission was not removed, it has been flaired and users are discouraged from upvoting it or commenting on it. For more information see our . Please try to find another source. If there is no other news site reporting on the story, contact the moderators.
All it did was ruin his nation economically and politically, caused the nation and it's people to be unjustly demonized to an extent by The West for his crimes, de-legitimizes CSTO as a defensive peace organization by openly showing how Russia was the only one with any say in it and thus with them gone it becomes dysfunctional, re-validate NATO's existence for a LONG time and lastly by invading Ukraine under to guidance to "protect ethnic and Russian speakers" and to keep it in Russia's sphere of political influence he not only caused Ukraine to sever what little ties it had with Russia that's gonna last for some time no matter how democratic and friendly another government becomes but Russians and Russian-speakers living in Ukraine will likely face hostility, racism and discrimination by nationalist Ukrainians, the very thing he oh so "tried" to prevent and in which the latter will potentially demonize Russians and Russian culture as imperialist, oppressive and genocidal and enforce Ukrainization on them, despite how such actions are not only morally repulsive and no different from who they accuse but it will also lead to bitterness and hatred between the two groups and result in Russia's relations with Ukraine being cold and hostile for a time, all thanks to his idiotic invasion of Ukraine.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It gives the sense that this botched and insane invasion of Ukraine came from the utter delusions of a madman who knows he's getting old and rather than dying with Russia in a somewhat good position on the global stage he decided that he needs some bizarre, batshit insane conquest to add to his legacy as the president of Russia.