The amount of people commenting on it being a “ban”. It is age verification, which I for one absolutely agree with. The studies are out now and continuing to be, and the effect of porn on a child’s undeveloped brain is terrible and what it creates in their adult sex life and relationships. It has terrible effects on the adult brain as well, but someone has to help protect children when it’s now so not only vastly available, but basically shoved in your face. Also, human trafficking. When an ID is requested, the sickos into child porn, beastiality etc. are able to be caught a lot sooner and preventing further harm. The ignorance surrounding porn, it’s terrible effects, the patriarchy, misogyny, objectification and commodification of bodies and sex, the warped mind it gives men as truth and women as acceptance and vice versa, is no different than it was with cigarettes when it was glamorized for profit (consumerism, capitalism) leaving out all the harmful effects. Everyone jumped on board. But like cigarettes, highly addictive and made to be so, the studies and research are finally out for people to make informed decisions. So no, it’s not about being banned, it’s about protecting young minds because for far too long what was normalized has shaped the now men and it’s effects are very clear and regulations need be in place. It’s about trying our best to stop human trafficking and have a handle on it. No one underage should be exposed to it regardless and just like buying alcohol and cigarettes both poisonous and unhealthy, should never be banned, but absolutely should be of age to purchase and make the decision to destroy your mind and body as an adult who understands those effects. Children do not! Anyone making this political is ignorant. Saying it’s liberal because it’s against patriarchy and misogyny or that it’s republican because it’s a southern state is ridiculous. It’s just healthy and right and if you have no issue for the alcohol and cigarettes, which went through the same process to get to the point of age ID etc then you should have no problem with this either.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !