r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the United States, or under any state, who, having previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof.".
Going for the worst one (loss of life) blm riots have racked up im pretty sure at absolute least 60 bodies but absolutely nobody cares about that nor does anybody talk about the people responsible or anything blah blah blah blah it’s all a bunch of bs I don’t care what side you are on, one side is killing a hell of a lot more people (or at least was when this was all going on) yet it’s made out the be the more evil one so I’m not having it.
We should demand it. He's done nothing. He could have gotten Ken Paxton before midterms. He didn't. He could have gotten the insurrectionist senators and now they've won office. He didn't. Matt Gaetz for sex trafficking? Didn't. Prosecute Trump? Maybe, but probably not.
The fact that Jan 6th has been talked about non stop for almost a full entire year now and while it was a terrible thing, comparing it to the atrocities of certain liberal organizations it should have been out of the conversation for a long time but it’s being used as a pawn and the liberals won’t let go of it because it’s one of the few real things they have that’s super fucked up that a large group of conservatives did.
We do nothing about it. For decades now, the citizens of the US have been at ease and have forgotten what it means to stand up for justice. As it turns out, that's a recipe for the installation of fascists throughout the government. It's not enough for a few thousand of us to online comment. A revolution is long overdue and the clock is approaching midnight much faster than we're acknowledging.