In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
For those who are not aware, declaring a state of emergency empowers the governor to mobilize resources right away and puts the state in a position to request federal aid.
I think one of the issues is that in order to really address the homelessness crisis the amount of housing that needs to be built is a lot and I don't know that she can get even the Oregon legislature to allocate the amount of money it would really take to fix the problem.
Kotek is notable in that she has at least argued for housing and getting people in houses. I don't think she'll actually manage to address the sheer scale of the problem (at least not without the legislature), and she could have broader support for it, but at least she has argued for the basic idea - and this is a reasonable step in regards to executive authority.
I think the political will to spend the money exists in the Oregon electorate, but our elected representatives are not willing to listen.
For example, in 2018 studies found that just to fix Portland's homelessness problem it would take 542 to 640 million dollars over 10 years. And that's just in Portland.
This is a great idea honestly, although I'm not sure it'd work out. Unsure if it would have more success now or later though (since I expect the legislature to pass at least a cursory bill, particularly given they can't duck and run anymore).
If we put a good solid ballot measure forward designed to address the situation I think it might narrowly pass.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
The first step would be to get a group of experts and stakeholders together to come up with the ballot measure language in the first place.