A lot of people on reddit don't seem like they're really reading the nuances of what is being said and understanding the implications of it. I don't blame them, whatever global problem cough he is referring to is overshadowed by the outright lies and incompetence coming from the government right now.
They repeat the same game over and over, with those innocent qualifying statements. They haven't literally said "no", which would be the best answer in a simple world where they don't know anything about any ETs. It would be the answer that calms the public, but for some reason they can't do that.
Its curious though. If you, by chance, told a profound truth in the midst of a bunch of lies, it also would look like a lie. But why lie? When you can make the truth sound like a lie?
The lyrics (the English lyrics) are actually horrifying though. Basically describing what seems to be a global outbreak of war.
“The war machine springs to life, opens up one eager eye”. Damn that is really scary. I hope we are not in these times.
Sure, over sea they can be a problem. But think about the ones that go down over land - that could make a cozy nest for a squirrel. Imagine a little nook in a broken tree, where for a few hours a day, the nest gets sunlight, and the shiny material gets all hot so by the time the squirrel gets home from a long day of nut hunting, the nest is all cozy and warm, and the squirrel can snuggle up like a cat in the dryer - maybe with a sexy 2nd squirrel. Or it could land on the back of a bear and get tangled in its matted fur, so now you have a bear with a cape who dominates the ecosystem as the new reigning monarch. And when that bear dies, its resourceful cubs will fight to the death over who gets to inherit their beloved father's cape, but in the end, one blood spattered and heartbroken bear cub will realize it does not know how to don a cape. Because it's just a dumb bear.
We are this age’s extinction event. Species are dying exponentially because of our unrestrained consumption and pollution. The less species there are, the more vulnerable the whole eco-system is to catastrophic failure. On the one end, breaking the oxygen cycle is a possibility. But more certainly, our children will have a lower standard of living than we enjoyed, poorer with shorter life spans. And rather than address this, our consolidation prize is corporations booking record profits.