They're trying to get rid of corruption, so they can resemble an EU member state, instead of resembling an ex Soviet Union state, with close ties to Russia.
Getting rid of corruption was one of the main elements of Zelinsky's platform when he ran for president.
Yeah, but he still won’t take the NUMBER ONE SUGGESTION from anti corruption advisors for the EU regarding the need to create an independent Supreme Court.
No one can be sure of his intentions, but it is concerning he wishes to retain complete control over appointments to the Supreme Court.
To be fair, before he attempts to expand government it's probably good to get rid of the corrupting forces and finish the war for their very survival first.
I mean the corruption is affecting the war, it isn’t as if resources aren’t being co-opted by these corrupt officials that can be used to fuel the war effort.
Moreover, if we don’t deal with it now, in a time of crisis and war, when the very existence of the country is at stake and European powers have leverage in the form of military aid, when will we be more able to influence change?
After the war, Zelenskyy can just use his victory in the war and unilateral control over the judiciary to basically do whatever he wants.
We shouldn’t underestimate how much corruption is part of the very culture of government in Ukraine as it is in Russia.
These are good points you bring up. I'm really rooting for Ukraine to become a functional, non corrupt democracy. I watched a documentary 'Winter on Fire' on Netflix, about the protests that kicked Poroshenko out of the the country.
Man those people are willing to fight for a modern, non corrupt, democratic Ukraine, and they deserve it.
Absolutely, they have shown their willingness to fight against the corrupt institutions that are robbing them blind.
That said, there is a tendency throughout history for people to overthrow a government, only to have a different form of oppressive apparatus take its place. You need to look beyond the revolution towards what you want to take it’s place. The population will have to hold Zelensky to account in the same way they did the previous government, war or not.
That being said, if any population is willing and able to hold it's leaders accountable, I think it's the Ukrainians.
Very true, my friend. Unfortunately, I think it's more common for a revolution to replace an oppressive government, with another oppressive system. The funny thing about gaining power, is that most people haven't wanted to willingly let go of that power in order to create a fair, judicious, system that operates through rule of law.
They had a taste of freedom given to them when they gained independence from the Soviet Union, and the new generation can see that the best future possible, exists in a governmental system that is based on the rule of law.
I think what a lot of Western people, as well as Americans, fail to take into account, is that a democratic society doesn’t simply happen.
The Ukrainian people don’t really have a history of democratic institutions, and their culture itself is developed in the context of an authoritarian regime.
That kind of thing doesn’t just happen, and with Ukraine in particular it will be an uphill battle. They are more Soviet than the Russians in many ways, from what I’ve heard from people who worked with the Ukrainian military prior to Fen 23 2022.
There was a strong push towards the West, which then transformed into a strong sense of Nationalism. That nationalism can itself begin to supplant the democratic elements we see as positive.