Background: Andrej Babiš, one of the Czech Presidential candidates, said on live TV that as president, he would not send troops to Poland or The Baltics in case of an attack. Polish media picked the story up (and rightfully so) and now Babiš's team is in full damage control mode. It is also important to note that it wasn't a simple misunderstanding, he firmly stood behind his opinion.
Yeah that was a wery weird thing to say, like Russia is literally pouring out going for the Fulda gap, we're not worst case scenario yet but it's been made clear that nato is as useful as ever...
For your sake, I hope you guys have better luck with that than we have with Trump. Even if the guy were to disappear into the ocean tomorrow, he has left a deep mark on one of our two major political parties, one that seems on track to persist for the next decade at least.
The thing is, his target audience and only listeners are old people with no idea how to spot and disregard misinformation. The whole Western world is in the middle of an information war and we've been in it for some time, but this older generation can't acknowledge it because they didn't grow up with technology and don't really see the impact it has on their lives. Nevertheless, the younger generations are full of smart and capable people who have the skills and tools necessary to not only wage, but also successfully counter this information war. The political climate in our country is bad, but not nearly as bad as the US. We are observing, learning, and trying to do better. Our nation is quite young, but we want to remain a developed, democratic country with western values. We'll try our best, let's see in thirty years or so .
He's a fraud and an Orbán-like populist. Of course he is crooked, there is no point in investigating him. People have tried, but he is somehow always found not guilty 🙃 He owns like half of our media, I really wonder why. This guy is our Trump and he will lose just like him. And just like Trump, he'll be just another rich fuck we can soon forget.