In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
> about 70 percent of respondents didn’t seem to like the idea of lawmakers spending the next two years investigating Hunter Biden and attacking Anthony Fauci. “We have more pressing issues at hand,” one survey respondent said.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I learned recently that it's illegal to send small spoons through the mail. Apparently this is because they can be classified as drug paraphernalia. It's also why McDonalds doesn't have their old coffee spoons anymore.
Everyone was annoyed they wasted so much time on something so not-important. Hopefully it'll go the same way.
I never liked the idea that we shouldn't do things because there are more important things to deal with. Not in this context at least.
But, I do think wasting time on something that isn't that important, or is demonstratively non-existent, takes away from other things that need to be dealt with. Even beyond inflation or all the other stuff that was campaigned on, there are things that committees need to focus on more than spurious investigations.
I dislike republicans on a policy and ideals level, but I do believe there are a decent number of them that would prefer to govern, rather than play around in a cultural war. The MAGA types went into politics to exert power over people. The more moderate types went into politics to actually try and work for the people.
I won't claim to be able to discern the percentages between the two ideals above, but it doesn't take much to beat a slim majority. I may not agree with the overall policy agenda's these moderates may have, but I can respect that they're more interested in governing and doing what they feel is best for their constituents or the American people.
It's hard to figure out who may be more about governing, because those are the one's that typically keep their head down, and don't go out of their way to make a scene in the public space outside their local districts.
I'm really curious to see how this plays out, in particular with some MAGA candidates who feel they have more power due to the slim majorities.
It may be exactly what these MAGA extremist think it is, but I think throwing support behind McCarthy for some quid pro quo may not be the kind of support that will really help McCarthy lead the party. It gets him into power, but I think he's going to be removed from his position within a year....likely with some of these same MAGA nutjobs leading the call hoping to throw their own hat into the ring, and likely losing in the process.
Sounds like he committed a crime by giving someone's private property to a 3rd party without that person's permission. Giuliani is also an accessory to that crime, and proceeded to continue to send that information onto yet another 3rd party. Fox could be considered as criminally liable as well, considering they were willing to take delivery of said personal property.
Of course, if the data was not real, then theft couldn't be charged, but it'd be funny to see Hunter press charges against all these parties if they assert the claim the data is real. Hunter will get off because the FBI seems already intent on not finding anything they can prosecute. But if they won't prosecute, and these asshats want to press the issue, then all these other parties aren't protected from their crimes.
He'd have to claim ownership of those contents, and even if some of it was planted, it'd be conflated to everyone on it was his. Technically, he could press charges if even one personal file was transmitted or given to another person, but the optics of it would be harmful given the current discourse surrounding the topic. Even if there is nothing incriminating or illegal, enough has been said to imply this is the case that that would become the only thing really important to those trying to make it an issue.
Giuliani and Fox news have both admitted to knowingly taken possession of stolen property though. Fox news has a bit more protection under the law due to being a news organization, but I don't think that extends fully to the type of crime that would be applicable here. Ted Cruz has also said he's had possession of this data.
Another example of this crime, which didn't get much attention, was Ashely Biden's diary being stolen. The people who stole it were charged with a crime because they most definitely committed one, and even went back to get more. Project Veritas is claiming that receiving stolen evidence is not atypical, and they're not wrong. However, the case may not go their way because they actively participated in a conspiracy to commit another crime in an effort to substantiate the diary itself.
In the case of Giuliani, he had no reason to need to take possession of this material, as he is not a member of the press, nor part of law enforcement. The shop owner had no right to give it to him. However, the shop owner could feasibly give it to the press, Fox would clear to use it, but the shop owner could still be held accountable. Fox couldn't, however, suggest that another crime be committed to get more information.