What do you mean? I'm sure he'd love to have a conversation with them, at the long end of a 14ft table, with armed guards at every enterance point, 30ft from anyone else, under extreme surveillance, with everyone in the room thouroughly background checked and their private communications intercepted.
That larger edifice is attractive and prosperous for everyone, so naturally almost everyone in the system works to preserve that.
If you seem strong, you have sycophants who trade off your glory and image, as well as their access to you in order to gain their own form of power.
Unless it’s one of his guards. I saw somewhere (Newsweek?) that Putin now uses a small cadre of spetznatz as his guards. People he thinks he can turn his back on. Because .22 caliber headaches are second only to open windows as cause of death in Russian politics.
It's part of the reason power corrupts so deeply. It's not just the frontside of ego, but the backside of true terror and soul raking paranoia.
If you seem weak, the ambitious around you gossip. Many of which might be outside your immediate sphere of awareness, so all the more dangerous.
And every single time you "deal with" anyone in your circles who has stepped out of line, everyone worries they will be next.
They also do legitimately know your strenhs and weaknesses. All of them are also feeling ego and terror.
You have to be able to both keep winning, and keep skillfully putting people in their place. Which is a rather impossible task.
It's often better to have power as dispersed as you can, since great leadership which fits your era is such a rare thing.
The best rulers have usually been ones who are the good people, put there reluctantly. Who also won battles and such, but ruled out of common brotherhood, an appeal to shared heritage and sincere values, and trying to balance the competing demands in society. Which is very draining.
Very true. Which is all the more remarkable that Augustus was able to learn from Caesar and others and rule for 44 years. And starting with such a tenuous foot step on running things.
Now all that being said, it is fascinating how much a truly great leader can accomplish. It's such a startling contrast from what an abysmal leader can destroy. Life is entirely different under poor leadership and is just full of suffering and pain.
But it's the rarest thing in the world to have a leader who is both incredibly skilled with people, has that special magic that leads to actually winning, shows up on stage at just the right time, doesn't experience too many terrible disasters, and is surrounded by great talents.