The time to stop animal agriculture is now. The evidence is clear humans do not need to eat animal flesh of any kind. In the near future, eating animals will decimate humans.
Life has been preying on other life for almost as long as it has existed. Humans and our close relatives are all omnivorous and some cultures subsist entirely on meat by eating the entire animal. Meat is hugely nutrient-dense, which makes it incredibly valuable for people without easy access to food, and for the rest of us a few servings of meat a week do a lot to boost our nutrient intake.
We absolutely need to rethink how much meat we eat, as well as how we farm it. Factory farming is a breeding ground for disease and is incredibly unethical. Eating meat (especially red meat) as much as we do is draining the environment, and the average person in the west eats far too much to be sustainable.
However, eliminating meat from our diet entirely isn't the answer. Meat replacements such as soya are also environmentally draining and have massive issues with slave labour. Additionally, allergens make it very difficult for some people to get the nutrients they need without eating animal products.
Going vegan or vegetarian works for some people. But it is not the end-all answer for the entire human population. Instead, we should take a good, hard look at how much we eat, how we produce it, and how to make it more sustainable on the global stage.
It was the smallest pandemic, the likes of which we've never seen. I didn't even know the pandemic. That pandemic is not my type. It died out like a dog.
You are wrong. The bulk of the human diet is fruits, vegetables and grains. Research has found this is what gave the gladiators such strong bones. Meat is not nutrient dense. This is a falsity perpetuated from ignorant traditions. The nutrients from animal flesh come from plants. You can take any fruit or vegetables and see how loaded with vitamins and antioxidants there are. Animal flesh is loaded with mostly things that are bad for you such a concentration of pollutants and saturated fats. Get schooled on the reality of what the standard diet does to people versus those who eat mostly plant based. Most food allergies actually come from eating animal flesh because it starts the chain of inflammation, which then carries over into food allergies from other things.