In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Just to clear up a common misconception I keep seeing on threads like this: This bill that was signed today will not transfer any debt to Orange/Osceola county and it does not put them on the line to pay for Disney's emergency/infrastructure services.
Disney is an international corporation with lots of money and power. i'm quite sure that they will be able to turn anything that DeSantis thinks is a win into something that shows how incompetent he really his. taking on the mouse is not going to end well for him or the FL GOP.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
All that said, it's still a wildly stupid bill. It was done to purely give the illusion that DeSantis "beat" Disney in a culture war. I've already seen Republicans celebrating that Disney is now going to "pay their fair share" without realize that Disney, through the RCID, has always been paying more than their fair share and that this bill will not impact their tax burden in either direction.
The Florida Republicans, not having put any thought into that bill, realized that they'd be screwed. So they back peddled and introduced a new bill this year. The new bill, instead of dissolving the district, would keep it intact and replace the leadership board with five state-appointed board members. It would also force the RCID to change its name in two years.
The bill that passed last year was going to dissolve the RCID completely. Had that bill gone into effect this summer, it would have passed along that debt and put that financial burden on the two counties.
So this new bill that was just signed does not offload any debts onto Florida taxpayers, nor does it force the two counties to pay for Disney's services.
They also seem to be celebrating that Disney will no longer be getting special treatment. That, too, is completely false. The district, and the rules within it, still exist. They're still getting their special treatment, and there's no reason to think this new board will stop that. All one has to do is look at the fact that during the height of this PR battle, DeSantis made no effort to take away the millions in tax breaks Disney was getting for their new Lake Nona campus project. He didn't want to actually hurt Disney. He wanted to look like he hurt Disney because they spoke up against his culture war nonsense.
All in all this was a dumb useless bill that serves as nothing but ammo for DeSantis for when he runs next year. Disney didn't get got, but the bill was crafted in a way that it doesn't matter. His supporters aren't going to dig deep enough to realize that. They're just going to keep on falsely thinking that "woke Disney" got put in their place.
sadly true. politics is too much about "gotcha" headlines and almost no facts. that's true of both parties but at least the Dems seem to have the voter in mind more often than the R's do.