In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
"[these conservatives] prefer the candidates that they think might be a little out of touch over the one the one that's out of their mind".
Unpopular (to a majority) rhetoric, coupled with no plans, and no policy goals. Most didn't even make empty promises, just vague declarations.
Most of the pack of republicans wanted to be elected for the platforms it offered them, not to actually do anything tangible for the American people, and for the most part, people saw that.
Well we just came off 8 years of Doug Ducey diverting every dollar he could away from public schools. But the GOP mostly send their kids to private schools so only Dems care about that.
Yes but they take money away from public schools and they can reject students like special needs leaving those programs underfunded in public schools that have to accept everyone.
Local business leaders, Governor Doug Ducey, and former VP Mike Pence literally begged Trump to endorse Karin Taylor Robson over Kari Lake but it fell on deaf ears. Trump’s hubris means he thinks he knows Arizona better than the people who actually live here. I hate to say it but Robson, a well respected business woman would have mopped the floor with Hobbs. So Trump did Dems a favor by sticking with Lake.
While everything you say is true, you have to remember that those MAGA people are only interested in “owning the libs”. Somehow the GOP has convinced their base that European democracies are somehow different and that it’s their own damn fault that they don’t have more money to buy the goods & services they desperately need.
Well in this case if Trump’s picks for Governor and Secretary of State had won, Arizona would have no longer been a democracy. We would have had to change our name to Trumpazona.
This is the case. Democratic and community organizations in AZ are more sober about their analysis than a lot of articles written by outsiders. It's still quite conservative here and will be for a while. But they're rejecting the MAGA crazies - except in most of the super rural counties. I'm going to paraphrase conservative commentator David Brooks for the results of the last couple election cycles:
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I have been surprised at the number of young MAGA voters. More than age it seems to be a function of educational attainment or urban vs rural. Look at Prescott….75% voter turnout and that’s not retirees.