Excellent news. The only other thing I wish they would add is a limitation on Chinese investment in the US real-estate market too. If you don't live in the country or don't have dual citizenship you shouldn't be able to buy up property.
I am fine with residents who don't have citizenship buying stuff, but you need to live here or be a citizen.
I think there needs to be a limit on corporations and foreigners from owning property. Single family homes should be predominately owned by the person residing in it. Corporate greed is ruining home ownership dreams for millions.
Can’t get around private ownership for apartments, but a home for family life should not be subject to that.
I wish, the only “both sides” argument I can agree on is that corporations own elected officials. D or R I don’t think it matters when they’re getting 100k to vote one way. Thanks “Citizens” United.
Again, I have no problem with immigrants buying houses, that's great. I am referring to people non-residents buying houses as investments and sitting on them.
And destroying the housing market in the US is not a good way to do it. There are plenty of banks in Switzerland. Hell, Chinese nationals can open up banks in the US with some additional paperwork. It's not like hoses are all that secret.
I agree, I don't think any one person / company/ group of companies should be able to own so much real estate. There are way better things for the economy for money to be invested in than sitting on a bunch of houses and vollecting rent like some sort of property dragon.
I am not opposed to people owning, I am less certain about it as an asset class, but you and I can agree that if it is, there should be limits.
I think it's a bad sign that it represents such a huge proportion of GDP though. We aren't making more land, it is a finite resource and we need to consider the environmental ramifications of continued development.
I would be gine imposing a higher and higher tax on additionally properties country wide. That way if you can make the money to support it, fine own six houses, the taxes can support local infrastructure and other financial demands. There needs to be loopholes that prevent simple corporate restructuring to allow Hugh conglomerates from owning everything.
Frankly I think it should apply to all countries and there should be a limitation on how much real estate any person / company or group of companies can own.
Look at , over a third of the real-estate there is owned by Chinese investors and the housing prices are put of control.