This is so disgusting. It is hard to believe such people exist in real life - one couldn’t even write fiction like this. I hope this guy never feels freedom again. No empathy means no rehabilitation.
I get where you’re coming from - and people without the disorder can also lack empathy but in this case, it’s hard to imagine a serial killer with empathy.
Had a friend that I took in who spent time in a homeless shelter, she had met a guy there who befriended her, got her back on drugs, then tried to use sex offered on Whisper for money to get themselves by outside the shelter. She sent me a message with a hidden message in capitalized specific letters. Found her and stopped him, fuck Anaheim's and Los Angeles' useless Police Departments in the whole debacle (learned that day from the operator who told me that if you want the police to come as quick as possible when a crime hasn't happened yet, is to lie to them, imply but don't outright say, hell hang up abruptly to imply something bad happened, keep it short and quick and open ended.) That guy as soon as he was released likely went right back to the shelters to rinse and repeat.
FUCK the police in LA and Orange County. ACAB is true, because even the “good ones” allow the rest of them to get away with murder.
I’ve seen multiple stories like this. Dudes will prey on people at homeless shelters, addicts, etc because they know there’s less chance they’ll go to the cops and even then cops might not even show up or DA won’t post charges worth anything. Sometimes the dudes that do this are homeless themselves and know their actions will be ignored.
It’s especially egregious when you realize it’s become a free pass to sexually assault or attack people in these areas. Courts don’t think that jail time works so they devalue victims.
Certainly heard of First Nations women going missing and that’s horrible enough. This is like a double-dose of disgusting. I have not heard of a person who goes to homeless shelters and serial murders vulnerable people.
There’s a video of an unhinged guy trying to break into someone’s car at a stoplight and open the door to steal it. Cop was right there but just said he’s crazy so he gets to do what he wants.