Welcome to the 'What happened in your state last week' thread, where you can post any local political news stories that you find important in the comments. This is a weekly thread posted every Monday, in order to facilitate more discussion on local issues on /r/politics. Since this is intended to be a thread about local politics, top-level comments that are exclusively about national issues will not be allowed. When commenting, please include the state you're living in, and don't forget to link sources. Also, please actually describe what happened. Things like "I live in X, you know what happened", "Nothing happened" or "[Politician] continues to be an idiot" isn't helpful to users and will be removed.
If someone from your state made a news round-up that you think is insufficient, feel free to comment to that round-up with further news stories. Enjoy discussion, and review before engaging with others.
Hi there, /r/politics. Because this thread is about local politics, I'd like to reiterate that news about President Biden, Donald Trump or any other national political figure is off topic in this thread and will be removed. Thank you, and have a good week.
Not to mention legal weed cruising it’s way through committees in the house with a Walz pledge to sign the bill!
In the North Star State of Minnesota: Tim Walz and the DFL (Democratic Farmer-Labor) has been knocking it out of the park with their blue majority with more bills passed in February of 2023 than the past 9 Februarys combined.
Requiring the Minnesota Department of Management and Budget to include inflation in the state forecast (HF 35).
Restoring the right to vote for individuals with felony convictions who have fulfilled their debt to society (HF 28).
Funding the Minnesota Attorney General’s office to expand resources to prosecute violent crimes (SF 33).
As a Yankee I’d have no problem paying a one-time $500 “Southern Hospitality” tax…because I’d already be thousands ahead on property tax savings alone. Hell, my annual car registration is already $250.