In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
To be blunt, this article has zero idea if that is true without getting the data - which is normally not available until a few months after the election.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Voter turnout higher as a whole is not proof that certain counties, towns, districts were reduced due to new laws (higher rejection of ballots etc).
People need to realize there is not 1 election , but 2100+ elections held on a single day. Each county is run by a county supervisor that may/may not implement the law to the full intent. But the data always tells the story once you know the demographics of each county.
While I also typically think that voter motivation is more important that the technicalities of the voting system, there are a few things wrong with this idea.
1 is the idea that people can’t prevail in the face of adversity. If I came at you with a chainsaw, there’s no question that I am threatening your safety - if you fight back hard and manage to kill me, it doesn’t mean you weren’t really threatened, it just means you saw a threat and did everything in your power to neutralize it.
To remedy their challenge, voters had to show up in a county hearing and prove their eligibility - think about that. Eligible voters being challenged willy-nilly by other citizens and then having to prove their eligibility in a hearing. Maj. Turner fought it and won but his legal expenses amount to a huge poll tax - he is and always was an eligible voter, yet had to pay a significant sum to end up being able to cast a ballot. That’s just wrong.