Washinon and many Western allies say the Leopards - which Germany made in the thousands during the Cold War and exported to its allies - are the only suitable option available in big enough numbers.
A German government source said Berlin would lift its objections if Washinon sends its own Abrams tanks. U.S. officials say the Abrams, which runs on powerful turbine engines, uses too much fuel for Kyiv's strained logistics system to keep many of them supplied at the front.
Article says they are looking at giving them a bunch of other vehicles, possible even other tank like vehicles, just not m1 Abrams main battle tanks. That's not really 'no tanks', it's just literally 'no m1 Abrams' and it's mostly due to the logistics and training requirements for them.
Sorry but I just don't buy that. It's not fucking magic and the turbine engines can be serviced in the worst case by having them get shipped back to a different country while the tank uses a replacement power package. It's a convenient excuse to hide behind but the reluctance seems to stem from somewhere else. Most likely political since I'm sure elements in the US would love to refresh its stocks of M1s.
Edit I'm not so sure anymore about this decision. The US has a lot of tanks... as another poster said we should just give some m1 Abrams to the UK or other nato countries to backfill for tanks they are giving to Ukraine, I don't see the problem here.
And no, you can just use a "replacement power package" while you casually remove the entire jet turbine engine out and ship it someplace else for maintenance. It's not a video game.
Except that's what it's literally designed to do? The entire pack can be removed and replaced in a few hours. Shipping it to another country may not be ideal but it does allow for servicing it without Ukraine having that capability while still having the tank itself be available after a one day downtime. It would certainly be a better situation than what is currently happening with some systems which have to be shipped in their entirety like the PzH 2000.
Sorry I thought you were implying you could just drop any foreign power package. Yeah it can be replaced quickly, but you would have to drop in a similar system.
They don't, it's easy to make that confusion since there's a diesel and a turbine variant of the T80. The only turbine T-80s Ukraine has are captures. And the fuel thing. What exactly about my comment makes you think I said otherwise? Did you mean to reply to some other comment?
'The defense policy bill for 2023 will allow the US Air Force to retire 21 A-10 Warthogs. The Air Force has wanted to get rid A-10s for years, but Congress has blocked it from doing so. The Air Force has another 260 A-10s in service, but lawmakers may be more open to scrapping them.Dec 12, 2022'.