In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Former President Donald Trump took aim at Gov Ron DeSantis’ leadership of Florida during the worst of the Covid-19 crisis during a recent campaign swing through New Hampshire and South Carolina. On Tuesday, Mr DeSantis fired back.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
“When you’re an elected executive, you have to make all kinds of decisions,” Mr DeSantis said. “You got to steer that ship. And the good thing is, is that the people are able to render a judgment on that – whether they re-elect you or not.
He doesn't have to, he just has to let Trump beat himself. Something he's done in the past 3 elections he's been in or around (2018, 2020, 2022). DeSantis isn't Jeb!, he isn't Rubio, he isn't Romney. He isn't a milquetoast neocon that the Republican base doesn't like and wants to be rid of. Assuming that Trump will do to DeSantis what he did to the people the base wanted rid of in 2016 is willful self-deception and if it becomes the mainstream Democrat position is going to leave everyone scrambling by the general.
He is someone whose career Trump created, whose base that he panders to above all else are ardent MAGA crazies.
First fucking debate between these two DeSantis would be over with. DeSantis isn't dumb he wont put himself in that position. He will play neutral until Trump dies or is in prison OR grants his endorsement.
You're vastly overestimating the attachment that that base has to Trump himself in the wake of back-to-back-to-back electoral losses. Their goal is MAGA and they can't get that done with someone who is simply no longer capable of winning elections or even successfully endorsing candidates in contested races. Do not mistake partisan spin for reality or else 2024 will blindside you like 2016 did.