In a total of 122 UN resolutions involving Israel, Ukraine voted against Israel in 95 of the resolutions and abstained in 27 of them. It did not vote in favor of Israel even once.
Not only do they have nukes, but the guy who leaked photos of Israeli nuke research had his jaw wired shut in court to stop him from speaking. Mordechai Vanunu.
If you see it the way you see it- so be it. I have no intention in pushing arguments with you. Explain it to the person asking questions better, instead of picking fights.
“Israelis know the history of the Holocaust very well. The Ukrainian Auxiliary Police rounded up Jews to be massacred in Babyn Yar, Lviv and Zhytomyr. About 80,000 Ukrainians volunteered for the SS, compared with 2,600 Ukrainians documented as having saved Jews. And before that, some of the worst pogroms in Jewish history were perpetrated in what is now Ukraine.
Religious Zionist MK Simcha Rothman took issue with Zelensky’s reference to Ukrainians who saved Jews and tweeted: “I don’t understand Ukrainian, but if the translation I heard is accurate, Zelensky asked us to treat the Ukrainians like they treated us 80 years ago. I’m sorry, but I think we will have to reject that request. We are, after all, a moral nation.”.
Actually you aren't missing anything you're probably just a normal person. Jews are rare (. 02% of global population) but those who don't have a problem with Jews are probably just as rare.
It's generally a highly controversial subject, but risking being downvoted, just so you have some balancing factors.
The closed cultural cells of judeo-original sects built up a bit of self and only self support groups, using own language, rituals and racial profiling, in multiple countries they migrated to.
Those groups, with time, learned to play system very obviously and openly, though not illegally- which a lot of locals saw as cheating, non assimilation, outside influence, land/power grab etc.
With time, power and influence of those groups grew, they consolidated it, and the local discontent also grew.
I am only explaining how masses tend to interpret self isolating cultural cells of immigrants in their own territory, which given enough time creates a perfect storm of reasons to explode into violence under the mist of any larger scale issue.
Somebody will argue that was years ago but unfortunately Instead of teaching new generation about terrible past Ukrainian government proclaimed past Nazi collaborators as a national heroes.