The right mentality, no one gives a shit about another 100k dead russian soldiers, not even the Russians. We want to protect a bunch of Ukrainian soldiers and civilians from being killed.
It's easy to victimize Russian soldiers aswell until you see how they act on civilians. Fucking 16th century shit, man.
Yeah, not really. Well some of then are, but majority supports war, they just don't want to be a part of it.
But is this because 'we' hate Russia or because you generally think soldiers taking part in an unjustified war are generally criminals and their deaths are deserved?
Because 20 years ago when another country invaded yet another country based on lies and bullshit you probably would have gotten insulted and screamed at for even remotely suggesting something like that. You probably still do.
For me this is a bit more nuanced. While I don't shed tears for invading soldiers of any sort, they're all (war) criminals - better the invaders lose a bunch of people than the invaded - I think it's still a tragedy that humans have to be slaughtered for some madmen's ambitions. No matter how terrible the soldiers behave or how bad their choices are, they're still human beings, they shouldn't even be in that situation and their lives shouldn't be wasted for no good reason. And we - lucky enough to not even be faced such situations - shouldn't cheer for their death. But then again, I live in a country that thinks death penalty is barbaric and convicts war criminals.
Nowhere did I say they deserve to die or anything similar. It's fucked up to see men having grenades dropped on their heads, while they are probably there against their will but I'm not putting them as victims in the same basket as Ukrainian soldiers and civilians (this is why I responded to particular comment). Initially we thought it's Putin's war, but apparently more than enough people supports it and as I've mentioned they just don't want to be a part of it. It's easy to support war from comfort of your own four walls but it's another story when you're in foxhole being bombed at. Either way, it's a tragedy for humanity for what it is.
I do agree with this. Russian soldiers should not be given the benefit of the doubt and should be treated like war criminals until proven otherwise.
BUT: if it is proven otherwise, meaning that there's evidence they surrendered immediately without a fight,. Defected, or sabotaged Russia from the inside then that's okay in my book and those soldiers get a pass.
It's why I added the part about sabotage. Sabotage can come in many forms, even in the form of not carrying out your duties or carrying them out poorly. Or it can be actual sabotage of military equipment, fragging a commander, or any of the more traditional forms of sabotage. Conscripted soldiers on the front lines will have opportunities to surrender or defect, or if they're worried about their families plenty of opportunities for sabotage that aren't extremely risky.
Edit: If it makes my position clearer, my opinion is that war should be avoided at all costs so the aggressor in any war should be considered criminals. The key is determining who the aggressor is and who the defender is, Or are both parties aggressors. In Ukraine I think it's pretty clear cut.
The thing about Vietnam is that it wasn't an invasion though. It was a civil war and one side (albeit the more corrupt side) welcomed the United States. So the United States wasn't necessarily there illegally. Still you can bet your ass the north Vietnamese treated every American soldier like a criminal as they should have. Still Vietnam isn't a very good analogy to Ukraine.
Edit: Iraq would be a better example but there are still differences. The Saddam regime had very little sympathy and even though the government after Saddam was a US puppet state they also welcomed the US occupation for the most part. Making it technically a legal occupation.