In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Yeah I spent all night looking at outstanding counties back in 2020 and came to the conclusion that Biden won the morning after the election. It was incredibly narrow and it was based on county by county analysis and I’m not a professional when it comes to elections.
She was at 34K earlier today (maybe higher, I caught the Pima, Pinal, and Maricopa drops all at once, and if Pima came first that would have put her further ahead before Pinal and Maricopa chipped away). The big drop is always Maricopa which went 55-45 in Lake's favor this time, so it is definitely accurate to say Lake cut into Hobbs's lead.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Not a dichotomy. The AZ GOP basically told their supporters to either vote on election day or if they had a mail-in ballot to only drop those off at the polling place on Election Day.
That said, my math (been tracking in a spreadsheet and assuming poor to average performance in outstanding votes outside Maricopa) showed that before this data Hobbs only needed like 39% of the remaining vote in Maricopa, and with this latest GOP underperformance that has changed so that Lake would need to hit 66-34 in tomorrow's (basically final) drop to win, which isn't happening.
In Maricopa County, all ballots printed and filled out on Election Day were counted by 2AM Wednesday morning (aside from about 17K with printer issues, 12K of which were counted in Friday or Saturday's batch). And most of the mail-ins received by the Saturday before Election Day were signature-verified and counted prior to Election Day, and released in the initial batch. So we're left with a gray zone of early ballots received by mail or dropped off between Saturday and Tuesday, and those are being counted in the order received (i.e., ballots dropped off at precincts closer to downtown were counted first, and suburban/exurban fringes of the metro area further from the counting center are getting processed last).
I believe everything being counted now were from voters who dropped off early/mail ballots on Election Day. Take from that what you will - the fact that this population used mail ballots suggests one thing about the partisan slant, and showing up day-of to drop them off suggests the opposite.
Or some 2000 mules would swoop in and swap their ballots with fake ones using chinese bamboo or something.
Tons of people live in the East Valley. You're talking about a random patch of desert beyond the metro area, but the area in question is Chandler/Gilbert/Queen Creek/Apache Junction.