And while a lot of that is due to internal propaganda… some citizens simply can’t admit they previously supported someone that is no good. Similar to how pro-gun people supported trump even after he said he’d consider taking peoples’ guns away without due process. It’s simply too hard to back down.
"2nd most votes ever" is just pure copium, the mantra of a loser. Trump is done and dusted; he was the ultimate RINO to begin with!
On the flip side, Trump alienated a ton of people on 'his side' with the sheer disrespect he showed to recently deceased people like McCain. If Trump had just shut his mouth and turned off twitter after winning the presidency, he might still be president.
Perhaps Trump's diehard supporters have forgotten these things, but I guarantee you there's plenty of republicans that have not.
And there's a reason why Trump lost his reelection, because he had simply pissed off just enough of his own base from key battleground states to lose them and Trump just thought they'd all vote like they had the first time!? Trump got a taste of the problem Hillary had; voters were either diehard fans or apathetic and angry at Trump's antic's. His whole stop the steal bluster is Autocracy101 in the making right there and turned off even more people that were not diehard supporters. Trump himself says he looks up to people like Putin, thank the celestial teapot that Trump did not actually rig the election beforehand because that smug fuck thought that he'd already won.
Yeah, Trumped was divisive. He pissed people off. But he also had a ton of support. It's even more impressive when you consider that he was against Hillary the first election, then Biden the second (and Biden is going to drum up far less GOP opposition - even though there were attempts to smear Biden he's just not going to rally the GOP against him).
That's like asking why is the highest grossing movie usually from the last few years or at most a decade; because there's more people overall watching at more theaters (and more IMAX/etc that inflate price per ticket) now than there was in the 70's or 80's.
Keep sipping the kool-aid from your corporate media masters and calling facts you don’t agree with “fake news.” The only fake news is the propaganda you happily digest.
Holy crap, you really are drinking the Qoolaid. I was hoping to give you the benefit of the doubt but you are just dumb. What is your source for your information, Youtube?
Use a little common sense. It's not explained by population growth, because the population didn't grow by 11 million. It's TOTALLY disingenuous to say that 4 years population growth is anywhere near comparable to 50 years of population growth (your example I think?).
There were 17.1 million more votes cast in 2020 compared to 2016. Trump did gain 11-12 million in 2020 compred to 2016, but there is no reliable way to verify your claims. Regardless, you are just pulling numbers out of your ass because there is double the number of eligible voter increased to what you cited. Plus, you are saying Trump got every new eligible voter and then some? It doesn’t even make sense unless the US is suddenly like Russia or Venezuela. Go do some fact checking once in a while and stop guzzling down that propaganda you love so much. Dumbass sheep.
But it is explainable by something like population growth. It makes perfect sense, and if you think Trump's 74 million votes was some kind of earth-shattering record, imagine how much more votes he would've gotten - especially in the key battleground states where it actually matters - if he hadn't continually pissed off his base nearly every chance he got. All because Trump couldn't resist throwing snark on twitter. "Owning libs" doesn't count for much when he shot himself in the foot every other week.
He can't have pissed off his base that much, as so many of them voted for him (more than Obama's base in Obama's best year). But yeah, he pissed off the democrats enough for them to bother voting.
Trump lost due to his own actions plain and simple; just like Hillary's clear corruption in the runup to the election caused just enough democrats in the right swing states to not vote, the same thing happened to Trump during his reelection. It doesn't matter how many votes he got, they weren't in the right states that mattered, again thanks to Trump's stupid twitter comments!
There weren't 10 million new voters, and I'm going to go out on a limb and say that even if you think that every 18 year old and migrant who got gained citizenship voted for him it STILL doesn't come close to explaining all the votes he got.