In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Reguarldess of if he did knows or not Biden has his balls in a vice, so Xi gets to sit theres and look weak, like he can't manage his own house, on the global stage.
Do we really think that this was one balloon squad gone rogue, trying to make a name for themselves? That’s certainly the funniest explanation I’ve heard.
Sure, at the very top of the military in the Central Military Commission, the leaders are lapdogs to Xi. But the further down you go in the ranks, and further away you get from the capital (Beijing), the less real oversight the officers and the military have. Think of the Iraqi military under Saddam for instance.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Of course there's another issue that is rarely discussed, and that's just how disjointed the PLA is. Just like the Russian military, the PLA's branches rarely communicate between one another. Sure they put on those amazing displays of coordination during their military exercises between units and even branches. But those are all just preplanned; and if hastily thrown together, like those Taiwan "drills" that China did when Pelosi visited, just common drills that were practiced for hours before that "look" good and impressive.
The Chinese military suffers from what a lot of authoritarian military forces suffer from, massive corruption and military officers who do their own thing.
It's also pretty common for soldiers/officers in the PLA to be promoted, or demoted in some cases, based on who their parents are; as well as for soldiers/officers (or their families) to bribe their superiors for promotions or to get cushy assignments.
So is it possible that a "rogue" officer in the PLA implemented this spy balloon program without the knowledge of Xi or anyone on the CMC? Sure, it's possible. But I'm leaning more towards plausible deniability. Xi was probably aware of the spy balloons, and knew that one would make it over the US. He just kept his distance.