The USA forces their criminal high tariffs on you and if u react theY clash u harder. As they are the bigger power no one can do shit. Wto is there to protect people from such stuff.
The US does not trade beef AT ALL with the EU due to Mad Cow disease. We are the largest exporter of beef in the world and the second largest importer after China. 3/4 of the countries in the world import US beef. Someone sold you some real BS. EU ban (3 decades ago) was over hormones not sanitation. It was proven false.
"the eu has maintained a ban if import of beef from cattle because if growth hormones ... In 2009 eu and USA came to an agreement after eu refuses to remove the ban in the hormones" now bio beef from natural greoth can be traded with eu but the ban in the "normal" ones continue as the used hormones are all banned in the eu. Pork ban is based on a other medicament that is also banned in eu. It was all decades after mad cow. NOTHING is proven false i have no idea what ur talking about. The hormones are still banned in 2009 we made a deal about 17thousend tons of non hormon treated beef.
I don't talk about tariffs in general but "punishment tarrifs" like when the eu did ban USA beef and pork because of health regularies that the USA does not provide, they did push punishment tarrifs on the EU. Do you live under a rock or why you don't know that my fool . that dispute is ongoing since 1996.
I don't find it strange that the eu protect itt citizens from harmful shit sry Mate. Here a company has to proove something isn't harmful to be allowed, in USA stuff needs to be proven harmful to be banned. We also ban USA Chicken, pork, Skittles, mountain dew and all the other stuff you guys put full of cancerous stuff you can keep that enjoy it .
Broccoli has three chemicals which are proven to cause cancer. It’s not the chemical, It’s not a (is it contained) in a food product. What it is, “is there sufficient quantity to do any harm.”.
Ok, sure, 137 other countries have given it the green light. Don’t you find it strange that the 1 mission of the EU is to REMOVE tariffs among members, then they go to these measures to restrict outside trade? Enjoy your burger.
I’ve eaten Skittles maybe twice in a decade. Pretty sure that them selling Skittles at the gas station isn’t going impact my health one bit.
Whenever I get a package of plain M&Ms, I make it my duty to continue the strenh and robustness of the candy as a species. To this end, I hold M&M duels. Taking two candies between my thumb and forefinger, I apply pressure, squeezing them together until one of them cracks and splinters. That is the “loser,” and I eat the inferior one immediately. The winner gets to go another round. I have found that, in general, the brown and red M&Ms are tougher, and the newer blue ones are genetically inferior. I have hypothesized that the blue M&Ms as a race cannot survive long in the intense theater of competition that is the modern candy and snack-food world. Occasionally I will get a mutation, a candy that is misshapen, or pointier, or flatter than the rest. Almost invariably this proves to be a weakness, but on very rare occasions it gives the candy extra strenh. In this way, the species continues to adapt to its environment. When I reach the end of the pack, I am left with one M&M, the strongest of the herd. Since it would make no sense to eat this one as well, I pack it neatly in an envelope and send it to M&M Mars, A Division of Mars, Inc., Hackettstown, NJ 17840-1503 U.S.A., along with a 3×5 card reading, “Please use this M&M for breeding purposes.” This week they wrote back to thank me, and sent me a coupon for a free 1/2 pound bag of plain M&Ms. I consider this “grant money.” I have set aside the weekend for a grand tournament. From a field of hundreds, we will discover the True Champion. There can be only one.