Given this does not include inflation adjustment. UK has lower GDP, more population, worse demographics and is no longer part of EU.
It is superficial to measure GDP growth in nominal and fx’d terms, because the data is massively distorted by both the deflator and the exchange rate.
Your example in particular is calibrated on a brief period (2007) when the British pound was unusually strong. That muddies everything.
And unfortunately there are signs that it's going the ways of 2008 again, but worse. I doubt anything was actually sorted out after it all blew up, I'd be willing to bet that it was all swept under the rug and "sorted"...
Additionally, if you were to repeat OP's mistake for other economies, you'd find that (for example) Italy's GDP has fallen -16.7% in nominal terms over the same period, and that France and Germany, like the UK, are close to 0%.
UK Real GDP (i.e. the amount of actual stuff produced in the economy/adjusted for inflation) growth has been around 15.5% since 2007, i.e. the peak before the financial crisis. For simplicity, I compare Q3 2007 with Q3 2022.
Well hang on, back in the 1900s Britain had the world's biggest economy, we stopped the slave trade and lost economic value. We dismantled our empire and lost economic value, but the people wanted these things to occur to progress our society and way of life. Brexit is the same, yes we'll lose some value from the EU for a bit but we'll be fine in the end.
Precisely my point, it took a long time to complete the change, Britain lost money and power because of it, however they did it for the good of the people.
Brexit is the same, it will take decades to complete, it may cost some money but in the long run it will be better for us all.
It became too costly to keep them, and the majority of the British population believe the same thing about the EU it's too costly to our society and our pockets to continue to be a member.
- The UK gets around 40 million international visitors a year (pre-pandemic data), making it the 10th most visited country in the world.