In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I don’t disagree but if this was found by the White House then it almost assuredly came from them intentionally making the search. You aren’t wrong that it would have been better had they publicly sooner said “we are searching to make sure we don’t have any either”.
Carelessness due to arrogance; and lack of oversight and real consequences. Same reason after the email “scandal” it continues to come out that every other official is sending sensitive information from hotmail accounts.
Impeach Biden for having the documents when he was supposed to, and impeach him for lying say he didnt know he had them. Impeach a 3rd time for good measure.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Republicans will have fun with this, then it will be forgotten in three months. It might come up if anyone tries to prosecute Trump for his dramatically more egregious and intentional mishandling of classified information, but my guess is that was never in the cards anyway.
It’s also about generating profit from the most salaciously click-worthy headline you can get away with. Who’s going to read an article titled “accurate count of documents provided?”.
Trump lied about having the documents, refused to cooperate, conspired to move the documents to a new location, and eventually had his home raided because there were no other options.
Biden found some files and notified the correct agency and returned them, likely out of carelessness but who fucking knows.
Both bad, but one is objectively much worse than the other. Unfortunately most people will see the situations the way you do, as essentially the same. It’s an unforced error compounded by a lack of interest in details.
I don’t know how damaging the documents are or were. That’s… why they’re classified? I have no reason to believe they are irrelevant nor did I suggest that.
All I know is what’s publicly available information right now. Yes, it’s possible something is being covered up here. But why apply that to Biden and not Trump? Maybe Trump was trying not to return the documents because they contain information about all the porn star’s abortions he’s paid for. Anything’s possible right? But running wild with conspiracy theories doesn’t actually help with assessing anything, because it’s all conjecture and ultimately pointless.