A bit historical bacground, Finland was under enormous political pressure from USSR after WW2, and the fear was that Finland would be forced to join Warsaw Pact if Sweden did join NATO. So Sweden did not join NATO.
This really is an epic strategic disaster for the Russians, and a complete fuck up of 200 of years of policy.
Maybe it worked out on the long term, we got an EU and strong NATO out of it, and western European peace. The world grew up. Russia didn't.
Thank fuck we have free speech, don't live like brainwashed peasants, bowing to a authoritarian leader.
Hence the unified application at the same time, and hand-in-hand speech. Finland will not "betray" Sweden.
Western neolibs cheer for Assange and Snowden's suffering, methinks that the west still has a little bit more growing up to do. We were extremely lucky President Obama commuted Chelsea Manning's sentence (something that a President Hillary Clinton wouldn't have done).
This whole war has been a strong reminder at many levels that authoritarianism is bad, and freedom of information is good.
So Finland was Sweden for about 800 year, and the Swedish province of Finland was not treated better or worse then any other province by the kings of Sweden. So Sweden and Finland is very close becuse they are the same, or atlest happy divorced couple, that are still frends.
Finland (land of the Finns) together with Götaland (land of the Gots) Svealand (land of the Sveas) Norrland (land of the North) was the provinces/petty kingdom that was united by diplomacy and war, after the viking age, to what we call the kingdom of Sweden.
Get down from you patriotic horse, the nobility did speak french, the priest did speak latin, and later the language that the congregation did speak, (the whole point of the reformation, beside make the king rich) scholars did speak latin, merchants did speak german.
No need to hold grudges over somthing that did happen for over 200 years ago, especial then the history book is writen from the perspective that the emergence of parlamentalism that did take power at the expense on the kings power was a good thing.
and what do you think happen to all other provinces in the empire? Like I did say, Finland was not treater worse or better then other provinces in the Empire, the kings did tax and draft the carp out of them, and did not care if it was Götaland or Finland.
After the Second World War Sweden wantws a Nordic defence union, but then Denmark and Norway did favor the Nato solution. So there was a discution if Sweden would follow Denmark and Norway, but that created the whole problem that Finland might be force to join Warsaw Pact.