For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Yet it's all a faction of what a Full out war with Russia would be, and also providing valuable intel on major adversaries.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Reaganomics is based on tax cuts for the rich and building a building a military machine to secure Middle East oil, the US current $30T in debt is from that unfunded military buildup and resulting wars.
After more than $2 trillion spent in Afghanistan — a cost that researchers at Brown University estimated would be over $300 million a day for 20 years in Afghanistan.
We've spent more on Ukraine in a year than we did the entire Vietnam War. We've spent more on Ukraine in a year than we did on literally building an army in Afghanistan for the last 20 years. You don't have to be Paul Ryan to see thats unsustainable for a non nato country with no end to the war in sight.
And who said there is no end in sight, seems to me Russia is getting pushed back closer and closer to their borders.
Russia is activly working against many democracies around the world in the political sphere. Much less how they work against our interests for years in Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq. But moreso bc Putin is actively trying to pull NATO into the Ukraine conflict for legitimacy of his war, claim is we are threatening Russia from the start.... also how Putin says it himself, he is trying to start a new world order with Russia at the top. I could go on but this should summarize a lot of it.
Not gonna debate the specifics of the war, there were good reason to be there along with some BS reasons. But what I mean is, who was supporting the insurgens there. Who used it for Anti-american propaganda etc...
Thats adjusted for inflation. I thought that was obvious. Asshole lol. It's truly insane what we are spending on Ukraine. And now they want long range misses and fighter jets which would require us pilots to teach then to fly them. And for what? Even if we put American troops on the ground and push the Russians out do you think putin is going to allow Ukraine to join nato and put American troops right at his western border? Of course not. It makes no sense to spend what we're spending on Ukraine.
Afghanistan was not a "major war" and the current budget increase is due to Putin's invasion of Ukraine which is about $200B on the Pentagon budget with rebuilding depleted stores a major component.
As for the devil's bargain, yes we bargaining with devils in the Trump GOP so we waste US resources on weapons and military bases that are not needed by any rational analysis of US national security.