Bakhmut hasn’t even fallen if alls they’ve taken is the winery. That’s on the outskirts of the eastern side of the city, and would mean they’ve taken like only 5% of the place. Besides, they’ve captured the winery before and been pushed out, so who says they can even hold it.
Nope, Bakhmut is more or less along the frontline that’s been there since 2014. This battle in particular has been going on for roughly 6 months, with either side swapping parts of the eastern side of the city.
Popasna is only 30km from Bakhmut, so that’s what I meant by more or less. I’m pretty sure Bakhmut was at the edge of Russian MLRS range from the get go. You are correct though that it wasn’t fully the frontline right away.
.... no it isn't. The front line was further east and south. The Russians gained ground after breaking through at Popasnya in the summer, and that brought them to Bakhmut.
Bold of you to assume the Ukraine’s didn’t evacuate the winery in the first hours of the war as a high priority item knowing damn well what the Russians goal was.
That have gained ground from capturing small towns outside of bakhmut to now bring in the eastern part of the city. This in they last 2-3 weeks. Seems that have got some momentum going as most of that gains over the past months came in the last few weeks. Also they have captured grounds South of bakhmut and are struggling to capture soldar to the north.
I wouldn’t say Bakhmut falling is a given, like I said before they are on the very outer edge of the city, and they would still need to go through the very heart of it. On top of that Ukraine has been making some small moves in Luhansk Oblast again and will force Russia to answer there eventually. On top of that there is talk of Ukraine making a move south soon as well.
My point is don’t under mind they gains made in bakhmut. While the Russians are grinding meat there, so are they Ukrainians. They Dr in one of them town close by said he receives about 100 casualties a day with critical injuries.
I think at cost of criminal and prisoners lives. They last 2-3 weeks have actually not been slow gains considering they front lines have more or so stabilized.