In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I’ve often wondered why interviewers so rarely ask GOP lawmakers to reconcile their apparently newfound concern over deficits with the party’s many decisions to massively increase deficits. Perhaps media interlocutors fail to ask not because they’re lazy or ill-prepared, but because they were able to differentiate the two distinct species of Republicans earlier than the rest of us were.
You mean the GOP-owned, GOP-controlled, GOP-guided propaganda mill in print, radio, and television forms intentionally spreading lies and misinformation to brainwash as many people as possible? That "media?" If only we had laws against one organization or oligarch owning all forms of media -- oh wait, we DID! They were revoked.
You say that.... when in 2 years the "other" party has cut the deficit in half. Literally. Halfway through an administration. During a massive recession. During a time where we're about to hit WW3. We've cut more money out of the budget than almost ever before. One party did that, and they do something similar every single time they've been in control. Since I was a kid I even saw that from single digit ages, the GOP ruins the economy, and the DNC rebuilds it from a terrible starting position. At the time I didn't know what that meant between the parties, but it was a truism all that time ago and still is today. One party is fiscally responsible and always has been. You've just never looked, never admitted it, or been too enamored with the GOP's own press releases about themselves to notice. You aren't alone, but the facts have been there all your life. Sure as gravity pulls "down" and sure as you breathe air to live...