KYIV, Jan 5 (Reuters) - Ukraine spurned an offer from Russian President Vladimir Putin for a 36-hour ceasefire over Orthodox Christmas, saying there would be no truce until Russia withdraws its invading forces from occupied land.
The Kremlin said Putin had ordered a ceasefire from midday on Friday after a call for a Christmas truce from Patriarch Kirill of Moscow, the head of the Russian Orthodox Church.
"Taking into account the appeal of His Holiness Patriarch Kirill, I instruct the Minister of Defence of the Russian Federation to introduce a ceasefire regime along the entire line of contact of the parties in Ukraine from 12:00 on January 6, 2023 to 24:00 on January 7, 2023," Putin said in the order.
"Proceeding from the fact that a large number of citizens professing Orthodoxy live in the areas of hostilities, we call on the Ukrainian side to declare a ceasefire and allow them to attend services on Christmas Eve, as well as on Christmas Day," Putin said.
But Ukrainian presidential adviser Mikhailo Podolyak tweeted back that Russia "must leave the occupied territories - only then will it have a 'temporary truce'. Keep hypocrisy to yourself.".
Real 2022 moment, but things are so fucked up these days, a little part of me is absolutely certain that was his plan. Or at the very least, actually get some supply convoys into the country. He's way too much of a rat bastard to not strategically exploit a cease fire. And if he got caught, he probably already had another lie ready to paint Ukraine as the truce-breaking party.
He said that unlike Russia, Ukraine was not attacking foreign territory or killing civilians, only destroying "members of the occupation army on its territory".
Podolyak, had earlier rejected Kirill's for a truce as "a cynical trap and an element of propaganda". He described the Russian Orthodox Church, which has endorsed the invasion, as a "war propagandist" that had incited the "mass murder" of Ukrainians and the militarisation of Russia.
Ukraine has previously dismissed the prospect of any Russian call for a ceasefire as an attempt by Moscow to secure some respite for its troops, which Ukraine is trying to force from territory Russia seized by force after its invasion last February.
So he orders the bombing of Ukrainian churches, and then suddenly gives a shit about the religious activities of the Ukrainian people? Good to know Soviet-style doublespeak is alive and well.
Russia's Orthodox Church observes Christmas on Jan. 7. Ukraine's main Orthodox Church has rejected the authority of the Moscow patriarch, and many Ukrainian believers have shifted their calendar, celebrating Christmas on Dec. 25 as in the West.