In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I think also just flat out he's having a harder time finding lawyers to put up with his shit especially after the national security level classified documents oopsies. That spooked some lawyers that know better.
He's pissed Woodward didn't sign any NDA or other stupid contract but yeah, after threatening to sue for how long now, he finally gets around to it. He needs the money. Especially if/when the Republican party cuts him off and stops paying his bills.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
But unlike most of DT's other lawsuits, this one doesn't seem nuts. The person asserting a right in copyright has the burden of proving it. And an explicit consent to use the tapes to write a book does not cover the very different product of selling the tapes themselves as an independent audiobook (isn't that what happened?) . Woodward might be liable for copyright damages. So what else?
\-- The analysis is in the details. What exactly did the contract with Trump say? Did Woodward have a reason to believe (based, for example, on some statement in the tapes themselves) that Trump consented to his actions?
I still love that one guy that took $3 million up front, got up to speed, and told him he's fucked. Then they side lined the guy. He's still working for him but I wonder what he's been up to.
\-- Did Trump have advance notice the tapes would be published? And did what? Delay in complaining (if there was a delay) must justify a laches defense.
\-- Fair Use may not help either -- if Woodward published substantially ALL of the tapes, instead of selections for the purposes of commentary. Lotta public interest here (I'm glad the tapes were disclosed) but that probably doesn't justify Woodward making a buck by selling the tapes as an audiobook (if that's what he did).
I should think the maximum at stake here is whatever profits the audiobook made. My bet: Trump gets paid off. Not with the claimed $49m but with enough to justify the fuss.
My thinking too. Major publishers have a system for running through the dangers (infringement, defamation, personality rights) and the chance DT might sue (justifiably or not) would (DUH) have occurred to them.
I read that they are saying “WTF he’s the President and we all said it was on the record.” Common sense would make me think that in this case there shouldn’t have been any expectation of privacy with the tapes and I assume there was no contract. But laws around writing a book and recording of audio is different. For example the whole music recording industry throughout history. I’m of the thought the tapes were Woodward’s property to do with what he wanted. If Fuckface Von Clownstick wanted to make money off them then he should have… made a deal. This just goes back to him having no idea who Woodward is.
Also my thinking. My knee-jerk reaction to DT's antics is "what a malicious dishonest creep!" but in this case he may have a statute to stand on.
Except this is about copyright, not privacy. When Trump speaks, and Woodward records him, Woodward owns the tape (the physical object) but Trump owns the copyright.
The rules are the same for letters -- you send someone written letter. The recipient owns the letter (the actual paper) but the sender owns the copyright (even if he kept no record about what's in it). The recipient ordinarily can sell the letter (the physical object) but not publish it for money -- no matter how famous the letter writer might be.
Even without a written contract Woodward would have a bunch of rights -- to disclose the facts in Trump's words, and (via Fair Use) to quote parts of it for the purposes of commentary.
BUT to publish the tapes themselves as a whole, as a separate thing to purchase (is that what happened?) clearly would be an infringement unless Woodward has a contract (written or not) that says otherwise. He might try a "First Amendment" defense, but especially since he apparently SOLD the recording that's unlikely to work.
I'm sure there's facts here we (well, that I) do not know -- but on its face it's an odd mistake for a publisher to make. Major publishers have a huge machine for getting clearances -- on the public facts I can't imagine what they were thinking.
IANAL and I’m not going to nitpick the unknowns but don’t forget about recording laws vary all over the country. But like I said common sense in this case would be on Woodward’s side. I don’t know why Trump would expect to have rights of the recording that Woodward made during a long form interview.
It's not about common sense, or whether Trump knew Woodward, or about privacy, or what Trump understood or expected. Trump speaks, Woodward records -- so Woodward (or his employer, if done as an employee) owns the tape, but Trump owns the copyright, period.
And it's up to Woodward to prove otherwise (a person claiming a license has the burden to prove it). That's what this is about.
One the face of the facts (to the extent I got them correct) Trump wins. Woodward needs a defense: contract, Fair Use, something. I'm on his side, but he may have screwed up. His publisher too. Surprising -- but even sophisticates like them can screw up.