A total of 124 attacks from different types of artillery and a record 54 clashes were carried out on the Bakhmut front over the course of the past 24 hours.
Source: Serhii Cherevatyi, spokesperson for the Eastern Military command of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, on air at the national 24/7 news broadcast.
Details: According to Cherevatyi, difficult battles are taking place near Bakhmut, but the occupiers did not manage to cut off the supply routes of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
When asked about the information of the British intelligence about possible Russian advance to the Bakhmut – Kostiantynivka highway, Cherevatyi answered that the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation are indeed trying to gain control over this area, but there is a counter-battery fight in order to reduce the Russians' ability to hit the highway.
Quote: "The Defence Forces have the opportunity to deliver weapons, provisions, and other necessary things to Bakhmut and transport the wounded.".
They have to save face. They have to gain something. To make real gains tho Ukraine has to stop pushing back, which they won't any time soon. Russia offered peace for the annexed territories... (Could have been a ruse idk) and Ukraine refused.
Background: According to British intelligence, as of 7 February, Russian troops probably achieved tactical success in two key sectors near Bakhmut -and Vuhledar.
My concern is they are drawing in troops along the front so they can make their offensive(s) elsewhere in hopes of surrounding the entire Ukranian army (in the east). How relaistic that is, is probably speculation on Russia's part.
This war reached passed point of no return that each side has to win to be seen as the good side with no crime while losing side will be persecuted. It truly is fighting for the survival of each country as losing side country has a high chance of breakup (whether from war or later internal power struggle). A war we still reference 100 years from today significance.
In history we usually call that a victory. All borders everywhere were once contested. Just look at the history of the Southern US and Mexico, they stopped where they agreed the new borders would be and have had peace ever since.