My husband got sent home 3 times after being given Morphin we spent 3-hours in the waiting room each time. I told them it was CES the second time by the 4th time going they finally agreed to and MRI...he had lost feeling in his legs. The neurosurgeon demanded he be mediovacted to Calgary....they did surgery on him as soon as he arrived. At any second he would of been permanently damaged and unable to walk the rest of his life. He's still recovering and has issues with complete numbness that could of been prevented.
Seems like a valid story to add to a post specifically about the health care system's failings. What are you adding to the thread besides wafting your asshole?
The health care system is failing on so many levels. A lot of it is due to undervalued and understaffed crew..the nurses are all so exhausted and are yelled at all the time it's no wonder you don't get treated as kindly as you should. The kindness has been beaten out of them. Not only by their bosses but by the people who abuse the emergency system as well.
My husband crawled into the hospital twice they're was no wheel chairs he was in so much pain..he laid on the floor while we waited...but because they need beds and need you in and out they give you pain medication and send you on your way. More people need to know (and now I do) that you need to demand testing. If they refuse you ask them to write in writing that they refused to test you for what you are experiencing and refused you treatment before they send you home.
Unless it's explodes and you have gangrene rolling around. I did and the agony. There were times I'd Black out and it was nice. I don't remember much because of that but I was in 7th grade and my "dad" let me suffer. Only reason he took me in is because the cops got called. Then after acted like it was my fault.
Happened to me a few months ago. Pain went from bad to excruciating. 2 doses of morphine did nothing. The doctor that performed my surgery said I must have high pain tolerance because it got so inflamed it had wrapped up along my liver. I had to wait for hours. Healthcare is fucked everywhere.