Seeing Lukashenko's name often reminds me of a brilliant scene early on in Servant of the People. Zelensky is practicing meeting foreign heads of state using body doubles, and immediately stands up each time to greet them. When the Lukashenko double walks in, Zelensky's advisor stops him saying something along the lines of "no no, there's no need to get up for him". Zelensky casually replies "of course".
Afaik political leaders are legit military targets. If you knew where Putin was, you could go for it. That also includes accidentally killing any propagandists who are with him. Human shields don't actually work - in fact chucking a legitimate military target into a bunch of civilians is the war crime. The laws of war aren't designed to guarantee that the ones who abide by them lose. They're designed more to make victory possible and loss tolerable.
Collateral civilian casualties aren’t a war crime if they happen when taking out a legit military target, which Putin definitely is. War crimes aren’t defined by how you, a random Redditor, feel about an act. There are actual legal documents that define them.
Technically speaking there are norms follow even in wartime, with the implicit understanding that if you pass a point it's open season. Some of these norms make sense: an attempted assassination means it is now 100% legitimate to try it yourself, and when you're trying to negotiate with the other party it's usually a good idea to keep the head of the snake intact while the tails fight so they can negotiate in (alleged) good faith.
That said, while it has been known to happen in Medieval Europe (Richard III was the last English King to die in combat against a rival king), it's extremely rare even then for the reasons above. That said, there's another reason why even medieval Europeans didn't aim for the head: because you can get a lot more money if the body is still connected.
Which is a long way of saying: Maybe, but I'm not sure if leader-on-leader combat outside of an actual combat situation has ever happened and that is one heck of an edge case.