Wagner’s great if you don’t mind them razing a few of your villages and raping and publicly executing innocents in rural areas with impunity in exchange for not holding your illegal coup regime to any standards of ethics or western values.
A direct consequence of his decision was that Israel Shamir of Wikileaks took those to the Belorussian government, which used it to imprison and disappear many known critics and activists (which they happily boasted about doing). Many of these innocent people the US government had simply observed as opposition - not contacted.
His exposure of department of defence monitoring programs was significant. He went further than than just exposing that program, and leaked thousands of classified documents on state-department cables, contacts, etc.
I never said we can't criticize, but we have to be aware that we too are installing dictators. For example Iraq is one of the most corrupt countries in the world despite being under US control, as was Afghanistan. If we can't even deal with corruption under our own watch then we create the conditions for a change of power in favour of our strategic rivals. It's easy to convince people to turn against us if we are providing them a raw deal.
This is what gets me about these sorts of arguments. They always point to events that happened decades ago in order to draw an equivalency in the present day. It is entirely possible to acknowledge that there is \no\ equivalency between France and Russia in the year 2023 while also acknowledging the shady/criminal things that France has done in the past.
I can acknowledge that Nazi Germany committed horrible crimes that are still relevant in the present day while also acknowledging that there is no equivalency between the current German government and the current Russian government.
I'm not under the illusion that France's (or any other Western country's) primary motivations are humanitarian. France, just like any other nation state, looks out for its own interests.
But it's rather odd to argue that there is an equivalency between France's counter-terrorism activities in the Sahel and the various unprovoked French invasions of African nations in the 19th and 20th centuries.