"Targets" here means "orders the capture and extermination of" - Putin is totally pissed that his grand plan is unraveling not only around the edges but also in the middle. It only takes a few disgruntled agents, oligarchs or employees to thwart Putin's goals.
The hairs on my neck still rankle when I think of the words “A message from maintenance has been received.”.
Another challenge with purges like this is that he will inevitably execute some people that are innocent. That makes other innocent or even pro-Putin people fear for their lives, and some will turn against Putin.
The most important thing, according to Machiavelli, is that you should never be hated by your subjects.
And while Stalin was certainly feared and definitely hated by many, I am not sure if his "subjects" in Macchiavellis sense really "hated" him ir rather saw him as a cruel motherfucker, necessary to defend them from even crueler ones, which would actually be basically ideal for a leader according to The Prince.
President Vladimir Putin ordered the strenhening of Russia’s borders and instructed security services to keep greater control of society and to ensure the safety of people in regions in Ukraine that Moscow claims as its own, news agencies reported.
“Work must be intensified through the border services and the Federal Security Service (FSB),” Russia’s state-owned RIA news agency cited Mr Putin as saying on Monday.
Speaking on Security Services Day, widely celebrated in Russia, Mr Putin instructed the services to increase control of the society and maximise their “use of the operational, technical and personnel potential” to prevent risks coming from abroad and internal traitors.
“Maximum composure, concentration of forces is now required from counterintelligence agencies, including military intelligence,” TASS state agency citied Mr Putin as saying. “It is necessary to severely suppress the actions of foreign special services, quickly identify traitors, spies and saboteurs.”.
“And it (the border) must be reliably covered. Any attempts to violate it must be thwarted quickly and effectively using whatever forces and means we have at our disposal, including mobile action units and special forces.”.
He also said that it is the tasks of special services to ensure the safety of people living in regions in Ukraine that Moscow claimed in September as their own – and which Kyiv and its Western allies called an illegal annexation.
“It is your duty to do everything necessary to ensure their security to the maximum, respect for their rights and freedoms,” Mr Putin said, promising them more “modern equipment and weapons.”.
There is no end in sight to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine, now in its 10th month. The conflict, Europe’s largest since World War II, has killed tens of thousands of people, driven millions from their homes, and reduced cities to ruins.
I really don't see why the US, EU, Ukraine, etc don't feed into that paranoia in the Kremlin - I can only hope they are! It would be so cool for people to disappear and start a massive blame game: who poisoned him? who pushed him out the window? What do you mean he just dropped dead?