lol, I love how people make generalizations like this. Even I tend to say things like, regardless of where you come from; you had been in complete chaos and lack of “democracy” at some harsh times of your region’s history.
Sadly it does seem like the end, Tunisia was the only success story, they may yet recover but that would be quite hail Mary ..
In terms of never, I disagree, but in foreseeable future you are probably right. The mix of history of distrusting external central authority which only legitimacy was strenh, culture of tribalism and loyalty to in-groups instead of state identity as well as political Islam that makes compromise impossible as you can't really compromise with God.
Also the talk about tribalism, religion and Idk what is all false and irrelevant. The dismissing of the parliament happened because the past system was unable to deliver for the economy.
why you think this is the end for tunisian democracy ? we just changed the political system from parliamentary to presidential.
And Tunisians voted for this new change. All elections we held after the dismissing of the parliament were times more fair that the ones before.
All of those exist in other places as well, but all those exist there for now. I still hope for people of the region to buck those trends.
11 turnout proves that. And We will have presidential elections next 2024 and Kais can be voted out if that’s what we want.
Parties being mad and boycotting the election is expected as now they have less power and that’s what we the people wanted.
I live in UK and I agree, that the country is in decline. However moving to presidential system in which parliamentary elections are boycotted by almost 90% of population don't show almost any hope for democracy.
Don't get me wrong I really really hope that Tunisia, the whole region and for selfish reason UK, will turn it around, but it looks grim for next generation or two .
It’s all about the economy. You yourselves are experiencing the rise of right wing parties due to the harsh economic situation.