In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
But seriously though, if things get worse, illegal actions will become necessary, but there’s still a lot of stuff that can be done within the bounds of legality before it comes to that.
Lmfao yes can you imagine being Christian and believing god gave you amazing ways to express yourself and live during your short-ass 80 years on earth but somehow ur sure this is forbidden.
Can we all just stop a beat and acknowledge how fcking surreal all of this is? One of our two major political parties is outright and openly targeting innocent groups of American citizens. And the only thing anyone is doing about it is reminding each other to vote. Obviously of course vote but we worry too much about the possible future and lose sight of how really bad things already are. Vote and cross your fingers is an abnormal under-reaction and should be unacceptable to still be relying on. We need to be demanding more from everyone with any modicum of power.
Sorry for the rant; it’s just you’re 💯 right. And it feels crazy how many people still refuse to face that fact that the GOP will never stop because so far they already aren’t stopping.
We are looking at a rapidly ramping up genocide. We are in 1930s Germany, looking at escalating attacks against marginalized populations and wondering where it will end. Voting is not enough.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
That’s the thing tho. I read their shitty comments on articles and I read the random r/conservative posts that other subs laughing at them post because I want to see wtf they’re talking about doing now. And so far on this I haven’t actually seen any wondering or surprise. Nobody even actually questions if that’s “fake news” or whatever. What I see them saying is shit about ways they can get the people against them not to be able to vote or just real ugly, hateful/violent shit directed at us. And that’s a lot scarier.