It’s counterintuitive but I like what he’s doing. First it’s going to be a consistent product, that won’t have you accidentally overdosing are a stronger than expected batch. Second, the product won’t be cut with stuff like baking soda and other things that will probably kill your eventually. Third, with accessibility and access to knowledge of what each drug does having some weed next to coke next to meth and then next to krocodile. People will probably rethink going for the harder thing since there is accessibility, and they aren’t just grabbing something harder because they need a fix and the harder thing is all they can get a hold of. This is how people go from pain killers after a surgery to the hard stuff. Fourth, removing the stigma of these drugs helps give people a chance to get help and to sober up, and also access safe drugs to wean them off so they don’t die going cold turkey. It’s about helping people get healthy and out of the addiction rather than enabling people.
Im not going to debate with anyone because on topics like this people will be especially dug in on their opinion and it won’t be changed.
It’s similar to what they do in the Netherlands with weed here, the only pitfall is you’re only permitted to hold 500g if you’re running one of these shops. You can’t grow it yourself commercially, so you’re still forced to obtain weed from illicit sources. It does a good job allowing ordinary people to buy it legally and in a safe environment, but it’s still unfortunately funding criminal gangs. Great system poor execution.
It’s not at all counterintuitive, it’s just contrary to the absurd way we view and deal with recreational drugs as a society. It is actually just common sense logic that making the recreational drugs safer means less deaths. But people want to treat addiction as a moral problem instead of a medical one.
He can't. It's ridiculous. At best he can test for fentanyl, but no one will buy if he sells fentanyl-free "heroin" because they took the heroin out and replaced it with fentanyl.