Oh so bad in the beginning a few facilities had issues wowowwowo most people live within 50 miles of an active reactor and don’t even know I live by a national lab and fuckers got a nuclear power plant closed just bcs of 3 mile island.
Paranoia got spread by the press ofc so a few billion dollar project that could’ve saved all the families around me money and taxes some tin foil hat milk duds said nope.
The exact opposite is the actual truth. Building new reactors, or operating most existing ones, makes climate change worse compared with spending the same money on more-climate-effective ways to deliver the same energy services.
Also does not help that the necessary mining for the finite resources required for nuclear energy turns more of nature into dead craters. But yeah, keep trying to greenwash nuclear power.
Lower cost saves more carbon per dollar. Faster deployment saves more carbon per year. Nuclear power costs about 5 times more than onshore wind power per kWh. Nuclear takes 5 to 17 years longer between planning and operation and produces on average 23 times the emissions per unit electricity generated.
It takes 5-10 to approve a nuclear reactor construction before and building is completed. It should not take this long considering how safe the newer designs are. So much energy can be produced that nuclear power is than any other power source in the long run. If you want to go the environmental protection route, solar produces more chemicals and lithium batteries needed for renewables also gave great environmental . Realistically, we need nuclear and renewables to work together for our energy needs.
Nuclear energy is the biggest theft from taxpayers ever. They pay for all the costs so that somebody else gets to keep profits.
. Also, newer generation reactors are safer and more efficient. It’s the bureaucracy that makes it expensive. The oil industry has been lobbying and campaigning against nuclear for decades.
In any event, nuclear is an opportunity cost; it actively harms decarbonization given the same investment in wind or solar would offset more CO2 and also not destroy more parts of nature to mine the finitie resources. Yes, FINITE, yet you people want to invest hundreds of billions into an infrastrucutre that will be completely worthless once the fuel source is gone.
and the gram of co2 per tonne of the reactor building is easily surpassed by any co2 generated producing a solar panel or by any wind farm blade carcasses once they are eol.
also there's plenty of uranium to last thousands of years in this not too efficient scenario, more than enough in case more fuel efficient reactors are produced.
it's not an either or scenario, it's a use whatever you can get even if it's slightly less quick to build.
got a lake with nobody in it and lacks fish and the ground is fit for a plant and it's not too far from a inhabited area? good build a plant there.
MAJOR LOL! Is that why no private entity will EVER touch nuclear energy unless the taxpayers pay for the construction, the externalities, for building the stuff back and taking care of the waste?
and so on and so forth - oh and I didn't mention the unnecessary red tape that ends up meaning corners will be cut and it'll take longer and it'll be more expensive in the end but I hope you can guess how it impacts the whole process.
is there a patch of infertile land where the sun shines and there's just a highway and nothing more? build a solar plant.