TL;DR: Frans Timmermans, the commissioner of climate change for the European Commission, has warned that climate change could lead to wars over food and other resources if we don’t get our act together and take serious action against it.
While there are other problems that are just as important as climate change, such as the war in Ukraine 🇺🇦, climate change is something that affects the entire world. Wars over resources would, without fail, lead to the deaths of thousands of people and the displacement of many people. And if you have a refugee crisis caused by climate change, then you don’t really have the choice to be xenophobic because sending people back to where they came from isn’t going to help if there is no home for them to return to.
This article states the importance of internationalism and cooperation between countries because this planet is our home. We have to change the systems that allow for the destruction of the environment to happen in order to prevent a disaster. We need to stop listening to both the people who deny the severity of climate change and/or acknowledge it, but suggest that we can’t do anything about it, because we can do something about it.
And to the nationalists out there (those who are not ♻️ eco-nationalists 🏳️): I get that you care about your country and your sovereignty, and I get the international cooperation can harm that sovereignty, but climate change can and will affect the entire world, including your country. And if you really cared about your country’s future and wellbeing, then you’d do everything to not only protect, and even restore the natural beauty of your nation, but you would also help other countries do the same thing.
Why do we continue to ignore overpopulation? There are too many humans on the planet. Climate action does nothing if we keep our numbers above sustainable, which experts believe is somewhere between 2-3 billion. We are currently at 8 billion. Let’s give every human free sex education, free birth control and vasectomies and TL for those who want them.
I'm 35 and my very sweet father just cannot understand why me and my partner don't want children. I feel as middle class you have enough money to travel the world or have children. Not both. And I want to see the beautiful things in the world before/as they irreparably change.
Most of the world's population that is not able to afford that lifestyle would really like to be able to afford it.
And sure, per-capita is great and all, but when you have over a billion people contributing it's gonna add up. Everybody needs to clean up their shit, not just 'western' countries.
Yeah I find it odd that anyone who is not a billionaire wants an overpopulated world. Why would anyone want to live in such overcrowded conditions? Looking at the cramped conditions in India and China is depressing. The fact that the world has skyrocketed from 2 billion humans to 8 billion in under 100 years is alarming. The increased competition for resources, housing, work, medical care, energy, food, water… those conditions only benefit the wealthy industry billionaires (the elite “owner” class) at the top who want tons of cheap human labor and consumerism. The pro-natalist people are either obtuse or not in earnest.