100%. I was dating an Italian woman at the time while he and Obama were in office and reflected that Italy needed to move forward and away from the past, like Berlusconi should be (at that time). I was excited at the prospect of an economist like Monti or Draghi leading the country. Berlusconi made a joke of the country during his time from the outside looking in. I ate my words not a few years later... Trump is 100% our Berlusconi. The fact Berlusconi came back after all the bullshit over the years... red flags indeed.
The only way we're gonna get rid of Berlusconi is wait8ng for him to die. Dude made damn sure to pass legislation that would keep him in the game even while having trouble with the judicial system.
Oh ya, he's terrible. I'd also say the reinvigorated Lega is also terrible. I lived and spent a lot of time in Milan, through a few election cycles (local and national), so I saw plenty of their crap while I was there.
I was worried about Salvini going into these past elections and with their sharing of power previously, but I'm happy to hear they're not as strong as they once were. That being said, their influence on Berlusconi back in the day and their change of leadership to what they are today (though rhetoric is still similar) I would say has certainly had an influence on the political rhetoric and paradigm. Like how Trump may have 'normalized' some of the more rotten characteristics of Americans to where we're seeing more of that particular brand of politics spreading on the local, state and national stage here.
Berlusconi's way of doing politics is soon going to disappear, he gathers support mostly from the elderly which have been moving away from his ideas since 2008 due to all the bs business with the mafia he had.
The only things of his era that stayed with us are the legislation on the juduciary system that messed it up and the fact that politics are nowadays thrown into your face through the use of media platforms.
Salvini had his opportunity to shine 4 years ago or so, he managed to fuck it up by getting tangled with M5S and his credibilty has only been going downhill ever since.
They'll still be a strong party in Regional elections but that has nothing to do with Parliament, as people usually choose their Regional Governor with better care and focus on what that person can offer to the Region, with very little regard for the main party ideals.
Italian politics are a bit of a mess (always have been) but there's very little effort on my country's part to make information available to foreigners, especially when it comes to internal affairs and obscure regulations.
It is frightening to realize how much easier and more convenient it is to think this way and therefore "always be right" than to apply an ounce of critical thinking. And it is terrifying how widespread this kind of attitude is.
Thank you for the perspective, I really appreciate it. I don't pay as much attention as I used to or should continue to. It's not a top market for my business, though we do buy our machinery through FMB. Gotta support my Bergamaschi people.
itsa okay, nobody listens to him anyways. Corrupt, tax-frauding, bribing, perverted old waste of time... who cares about his opinion.