"Dion, 54, said she was recently diagnosed with stiff-person syndrome (SPS), also called Moersch-Woltman syndrome. It’s a rare neurological condition that gives people painful muscle spasms. There is no cure for the disease.".
i know right titanic came out 20 years ago and everyone else i grew up with seems to be in their 70s now lol. like the woman who died from Cheers i thought she was younger then that!
I could have sworn you just said “That movie came out when my mother was 13”, when I know full well what you really said was more like “goo goo ga ga”.
It also says it has “features of an autoimmune disease which is a strange thing to say. It absolutely is an autoimmune disease. The vast majority of cases have an antibody you can detect and the disease responds to immunomodulatory therapy in some cases.
“SPS is described by the U.S. National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke as a disorder with "features" of an autoimmune disorder. It impacts the central nervous system and causes a person to have heightened sensitivity to noise, touch and emotional distress.”.
This passage contains a link to the NIH where the symptoms of the disease are described very differently. It says nothing about “heightened sensitivity” and instead talks about muscle stiffness, the actual main symptom.
I don’t understand how someone could write and article this long, look up sources, insert the relevant links, and still get it so wrong.
These patients are rare but I have had two so far. One was a young man who is muscles were constantly firing and he was bedbound rigid like a plank just as the name describes. From what I’ve seen a Celine Dion, this is not the same types of symptoms she is currently experiencing.
Part of me wonders if the article is intentionally downplaying the symptoms to describe it in a way that is consistent with the symptoms she exhibiting.
The antibody test is not specific so it doesn’t rule out fibromyalgia. The symptoms sound like FM. The problem with FM is there is a stigma around it so everyone wants a more exotic diagnosis.