It's exactly the situation that spawned the Rwandan genocide: after Tutsi rebels killed the Rwandan president, the Hutu systematically massacred the Tutsi population.
I am not going to defend the actions of the individual terrorists who attack Israel, but simultaneously you have to wonder if any group of people would be behaving differently in their shoes? Their rights have been stripped, the international courts won't help, their neighboring Muslim countries won't help, except for Iran who will give them weapons to fight as a proxy against the people who are slowly driving them from their ancestral homeland.
(Don't retaliate against an entire nation for the actions of a group, or in this case, a gunman. In the words of Dana White : "That's fucking illegal").
There has been too much retaliation and injustice by both sides. Someone has to break the chain. Two people get murdered, so several dozen are about to die, so more people will be murdered. The Palestinians think that the Israeli goal is to exterminate every single one of them, a belief which the Israeli government never seems to work too hard to disabuse them of.
I don't think Israel is unjustified in their desire for security either. However, it's hard to be sympathetic when the other side throws a rock so you fire back with a tank. They fire an RPG, so you launch an MLRS salvo. Somebody has to make the move to break this cycle of violence, and I don't think it's reasonable to expect it to be the most desperate party.
Hear me out, this won't be popular but Zionists didn't ignite the conflict. This UN fucked up by essentially taking land from a country and is too afraid to admit they did trying to cover it up with a two state solution like you would cover a turd with glitter.
Until religion is secondary where all people are treated equally regardless of religious background or belief by all people in a shared geographic area, nothing will change. But if only one group is truly willing to do this and another large enough group is not, it won't work.
I am Palestinian. We do not care for who’s originally at fault, the fact of the matter is the Zionists come into our homes, and forcefully take them. My family had their home taken and then cannot leave the country without Israeli permission, cannot buy a car without exorbitant taxes to Israel, cannot do jack shit with dealing with Israel.
Well, I could be wrong, but my understanding was the claim to the land was based on religious beliefs as being holy land tied to religion. Am I wrong? If the land is decoupled from religious beliefs, then it's just land and probably much easier to come to agreement on how to share it. Just my perception.
The solution is dreadfully simple. One state with both religions represented like in Lebanon. It would take decades of deradicalisation but it's the only way to have all citizens given the same rights and freedom of religion and movement.
Right now, the situation makes no sense legally or morally. We're all waiting for the genocide to end to start mourning a people begging for help while the UN periodically asks : "mind if we come take a look? No? Alright then.".
I don't think I said it should be allowed. I think everyone should be treated equally regardless of their religion. And crimes and past crimes should be punished on an individual-by-individual basis, not at a group level.
Yes, and in everyone's history some people affiliated with some group was first evicted by some other people affiliated with some other group at some point in time and if people keep dwelling on retribution of some past wrong at the group level then nothing will change.
Okay but Palestinians are being actively oppressed and controlled by the Israeli colonists. It’s 2023, why are we allowing the invasion of innocent peoples homes?