In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Yeah the cheating republicans put the FBI on a opposing candidate, the had social media sensor facts they know would sway an election: but ya, they are cheating sonsabitches, 😂.
I like how the right is so uninformed they think Democrats control every social media platform in existence.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I prefer them out in the open where I can see them. If they're allowed to hide they will multiply in the safety of the shadows. Keep them in the open so we can see them coming... and occasionally point and laugh when they talk about JFK Jr coming back.
If CBS did correct reporting like they did a couple days ago, the election. (Studies show would of been a 15% swing which would of changed election and Jan 6th). Hmmmm. Who are the cheaters?
Do a bit of your own research you will find much more and inclusive evidence. More coming out daily like CBS! A couple years late but applaud them non-less.
Now do your research as the sun obits the earth. Or are you too afraid? What are your thoughts on the CBS interview? I’d like to hear it from you mr legal action Things will not get better for the Biden’s . House is falling.
Who do you thing that is referring to? We have witnesses to that as well! You really still in denial?
There are emails, witnesses who for sure a crime was committed. Again, watch the augments and when the house does the investigations. Damn y’all are hardheaded.
It’s two years too late but there non the less for you You should be pissed, FBI held back twitter and Facebook post media denied it, and you believed it all.
So riddle me this, why did the FBI disinformation this to social media outlets, why is it now being investigated by major media outlets like CBS. Roof is collapsing, lol!