In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The joint effort climaxed with staff from the agency helping Biogen draft a document used to brief the FDA’s own advisory committee before it met to discuss Aduhelm on Nov. 6, 2020. Although the FDA often follows an advisory committee recommendation, it did not this time. After no member of the advisory committee recommended Aduhelm, the FDA changed course, allowing Biogen to move its drug to an accelerated approval process.
The biotechnology company Biogen and its regulator the Food and Drug Administration worked in concert, ignoring internal concerns from the company and skirting the agency’s own written guidance, to allow the Alzheimer’s treatment Aduhelm to receive accelerated approval and hit the market at a cost to patients of $56,000 a year, according to a scathing report released Thursday by two House committees.
The “unusual” collaboration, which resurrected Aduhelm three months after Biogen had canceled clinical trials, unfolded through at least 115 meetings, calls and email exchanges between the company and the FDA in a year, said the report by the Committees on Oversight and Reform, and Energy and Commerce.
At the FDA’s suggestion, the drug was labeled for use by the nation’s more than 6 million Alzheimer’s patients, even though it had been tested only on people with early Alzheimer’s and mild symptoms, the report said.
“It’s the worst decision the FDA has ever made” in the last half-century, said Sidney Wolfe, founder of the advocacy group Public Citizen’s Health Research Group. “It was an unprecedented alliance between the company and the FDA.”.
It was totally corrupt. The company stopped the clinical trials when they were told it didn't work. Then... they met with the FDA and got it fast tracked against everyone's recommendation.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.