For those not following the story the Ukrainian President announced last week, that Ukrainian intelligence had intercepted a Russian plan to topple the pro-Western government in neighbouring Moldova. Moldova is currently in a political crisis following the resignation of its Prime Minister and the collapse of her government. The Kremlin has denied being involved in a planned coup.
I hadn't thought the Moldovan government collapsed, rather, that the prime minister stepped aside in favour of a military leader. A pre-emptive move in the face of possible Russian aggression.
A deep dive search suggests the closest they came to 'collapse' recently were street protests of 50,000 calling for the resignation of government due to soaring energy costs (AKA Russia). Seems Moldova handled it relatively well, allowing protests with limited restrictions; in line with European democratic values.
The protests themselves were found to be provoked by Russia (calling for the reunification of the Soviet bloc) and Romanian unionists (calling for the reunification of both countries).
Historically, Sandu's 2019 government collapsed when she was prime minister, but her popularity saw her elected as president in 2020 over her rival Dodon (who was endorsed by Putin, funnily enough).
Economic and political crises aside, the government hasn't come close to a collapse. In fact, given the civil unrest stoked by external parties, I'd say they've handled everything well.
Gavrilita was pro-EU and anti corruption; I maintain that her government has not yet collapsed, rather it is fighting admirably against political manipulation and Russian aggression. Her decision to step aside reflects this.
I can only imagine how Moldovans feel right now. Had Ukraine been steamrolled they would have been taken as well. Now, they may very well survive unscathed and sovereign rather than annexed and subjugated and most likely leveled.
Putin will declare the invasion a great success if the Ukrainians give up even a small amount of territory, and they will then move on to another former Soviet bloc nation that has become overly friendly with the west.