In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
There’s a reason historically that whenever a nasty regime takes over the intellectuals are amongst the first against the wall. Not that your students will learn that from your textbooks and if the GOP gets their way then they’ll stifle any enthusiasm to actually learn any of that on their own or price everyone but a few out of college so they’ll never be exposed to deeper understanding.
Republicans really don't care about teachers. They only see us as babysitters and objects to use for blame-shifting from the NRA whenever school shootings happen. Yet, they wonder why American education is behind every other developed nation.
Starting salary for teachers in Indiana is $38,000. Teachers can't even afford to live in housing and have to go out of pocket to buy supplies as schools have no money to buy it. Teachers make below poverty lines, and they have to teach using outdated textbooks too often. However, Republicans who slander teachers and constantly call on teachers to be fined if they teach things like evolution and gravitational theory are telling teachers to carry guns in school and put their lives on the line daily.
Well, school bus drivers are having to work over 11 hours in my area due to shortage. We need more bus drivers for real.
That’s horrible 38k is a 1980s salary. For the amount of education a teacher has to get, in order to be licensed is ridiculous Might as well drive the school bus.
This is why teachers go on strike. It's not just for us as teachers. We need support staff like paraprofessionals, school bus drivers, teacher assistants, school front office staff, janitors, counselors. We are short on everything. Education is freefalling, and the Republican party is a huge reason why.
Welp, it's not going to happen in Oklahoma. Stitt has done everything to eliminate public education. He even sent money to a corporation to spend on Playstations. That's all that needs to be said.
Yes and it’s not a bug, it’s a feature. Do you honestly believe Republicans want more smart, articulate, free and critical thinkers who are capable of seeing through their lies and culture war nonsense and being able to mount arguments and defences against that?
Please don’t tell me you live in one of those states where the books describe slavery as “giving black folk room and board in exchange for doing a few chores” or whatever.
I think they are realizing they are about to experience the biggest teacher exodus in the next few years thanks to their hate, and now, they are trying to undo the damage they are doing. It's too little, too late. Teachers are quitting all over the place, and no college graduates are going to teaching. This teacher shortage crisis is what Republicans have wrought.