In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Remember, the founders of America put Separation of Church and State as the guiding principle of our constitution for a reason and why did they do that???? Because the Church of England was the only sanctioned church in Great Britain and they wanted freedom from forced religious beliefs. Read and learn so that you will be better educated about how and why our country was founded and why the pilgrim's left england and why that principal is so very important.
and paradoxically, in modern Britain the entrenched state religion remains but any politician who tries to use any religion to justify their decision is instantly criticised and seen as weird.
abortion and same sex marriage are solved issues, both legalised by passing laws in parliament, no real drama and no real push to change it back. the only concession is that churches don't have to do SSM.
Well, it states that congress won't enact any laws that favor any single religion. "Separation of church and state" is verbiage used by Thomas Jefferson in a letter, but isn't in our actual constitution. It SHOULD be, though.
It's the job of the Supreme Court to interpret that constitution. They're like preachers trying to present their own interpretations of the Bible; free to decide what any ambiguities mean. They're not required to use the same interpretations as Thomas Jefferson did. It's an immense amount of power with lifetime appointments and it's been stacked by Donald Trump. This country is in deep shit.
True. Those exact words are not used. But, through various SCOTUS decisions. The following rulings:
Although the words “separation of church and state” do not appear in the First Amendment, the "establishment clause" was intended to separate church from state. When the First Amendment was adopted in 1791, the establishment clause applied only to the federal government, prohibiting the federal government from any involvement in religion. By 1833, all states had disestablished religion from government, providing protections for religious liberty in state constitutions. In the 20th century, the U.S. Supreme Court applied the establishment clause to the states through the 14th Amendment. Today, the establishment clause prohibits all levels of government from either advancing or inhibiting religion.
The " establishment clause" separates church from state, but not religion from politics or public life. Individual citizens are free to bring their religious convictions into the public arena. But the government is prohibited from favoring one religious view over another or even favoring religion over non-religion.
If you mean influencing the taking away of basic human rights, then you are correct. But remember, the founders of America put Separation of Church and State as the guiding principle of our founding and why did they do that???? Because the church of England was the only sanctioned church in Great Britain and they wanted freedom from forced religious beliefs. Read and learn so that you will be better educated about how and why our country was founded and why the pilgrim's left england.