In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The reason why unions are so important is in the cases of billions of dollars of capital negotiating as a single unit (corporations), while labor negotiates as individuals. The labor/capital curves end up looking like the supply/demand curves of a monopoly. Unions are one solution to this problem, the other being breaking up giant companies. When mom and pop places hire people, they have to compete with all the other mom and pop places in their industry the same way workers compete against other workers. Imagine if the gardening department and menswear department of Walmart had to compete against each other for retail workers. Both wages would rise.
So unions hired by corporations are more likely to have fairer wages, and tiny businesses hiring individuals are also more likely to have fairer wages.
I’m not anti-union, but the fallacy in your argument is that there is only one corporation. There are thousands of companies, which means labor can vote with their feet. If the company isn’t doing right then employees can leave and work somewhere else.
In many cases, the Wal-Martization of America made it the only company within distance in a lot of areas. Persuant to Wager's comment, a megastore with a garden dept, mensware, sporting goods, etc, is going to push out any smaller competitors in those fields because the big store doesn't need to specialize, and can afford to take losses in areas to capture the market. Mom&Pops can't.
Those Starbucks workers kinda proved this wrong. Lots of them lost their jobs trying to organize when corporate declared their stores suddenly unprofitable.
This is a very fair point - as companies consolidate workers lose choice as well and necessitates a similar consolidation of worker power. I’d love to see some of these massive companies broken up.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I think GenZ does know what it takes, and they're already shown their willingness to take the risks to organize.
I think the point is that Gen Z will blindly say they are pro-union without knowing anything about unions or doing any of the work and taking the risks needed to form a union.
There is absolutely no reason for Starbucks employees to unionize. Sorry, there just isn’t. The people working at Starbucks are not working in harsh conditions. They aren’t being asked to work crazy hours. The turnover rates are relatively high because no one starts a job at Starbucks expecting to make a career if it, and if they are they will move into management anyway. Average tenure at Starbucks is like 18-24 months because it’s a bunch of college kids. This union push at Starbucks is entirely driven by the unions and not the employees. It is 100% fact that union agents will apply for jobs and start working to unionize from the inside. The reason it hasn’t taken off is because no one gives a fuck.