In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Contrast how Uvalde was handled by the police vs. the Greenwood mall shooting, where an armed citizen (who opted to ignore the gun free zone signs, no less) stopped a mass shooter within seconds. Or White Settlement a few years ago.
I remember some interviews from people in Uvalde. The lesson some took was that more guns were needed to protect themselves because police aren't gonna help them.
No, it's quite the opposite. Since I have a gun and therefore can use overwhelming force to protect myself, I'm calmer and less fearful, meaning I'm less likely to scream and yell at people. And because I also know other people have guns, I'm also less likely to escalate the situation to the point where I may die.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Criminals have mentioned time and time again that if they think someone has a weapon, they're more likely to leave that person alone.
We dont require the amount training we should before we allow people to purchase firearms. They are too unregulated to the point where people who SHOULD NOT own weapons of war do.
I don't have anything against guns. I think they're pretty cool but there's a reason why we require hours of training before we let people drive semi-trucks.
It is the case for the vast majority of instances, hence why places that allowed constitutional carry didn't suddenly result in mass road rage incidents where people are killing each other.
Of course, it does depend on culture, too, but the inner city gangs shooting each other over every perceived slight aren't places controlled by Republicans. Or have loose gun laws, for that matter.
Criminals will always have access to weapons. 11 people died from a mass stabbing in Canada recently.