The 18 months are for preliminary jail. Peruvian law admits this when there is high chance of running away or interfering with the due process. He has both as he has officially requested refuge in Mexico and even AMLO replied saying yes, and because he is tweeting that he remains president and that the people should protest and unrest.
Nonetheless, it doesn't escuse the role Congress has been playing these last years in eroding the trust of the people on the State's institutions. Corruption and self-interests dominate the political landscape, thus no politician or party can canalize the feelings of anger at the present state of politics. What Castillo did only ended up bursting a dam of anger and resentment accumulating for decades at the political class. In short, Peru is passing through an institutional and political crisis so thorough that it won't stop until big reforms are made to the political system; simply letting it blow until the people get tired won't work anymore.
There was an ideological struggle between Right-wing congressmen that form a plurality in Congress vs the (nominally) left-wing President. It's just that the ideological struggle quickly gave pass to serious acussations of corruption on Castillo's family and advisors. Believe me that at the beggining everyone that wasn't full anti-Castillo had doubts on the accusations, but that was more than a year ago. What started as a discovery of 20,000 bucks on his secretary's toilet and suspicous ascensions in the Army; now are accusations of his nephews demanding money from the intelligence service, corruption networks inside the Ministry of Transport & Communications by one of the ministers he fiercely defended, or what appears to be another network to assign construction projects in his home province of Chota to the best briber.
Beyond demands for dissolution of Congress with early general elections, a new Constitution, and liberation of Castillo (mind, not everyone is calling for all of these except for the early elections), no, we don't know what exactly they want to change in the political structure. It's been a very chaotic week where hostilities have been running hight.
Yes, he's corrupt. Castillo has been involved in protecting or enabling corruption during his term while receiving a cut for his trouble. Some critical cases are related to his family (his nephews Fray Vásquez Castillo and Gian Marco Castillo Gómez) and members of his own cabinet (ministers Juan Silva and Geiner Alvarado). Colaborators already declared to the Prosecutor's Office that Castillo knew all this. The evidence kept accumulating so much that Castillo feared it finally convinced enough congressmen to vote in favor of an impeachment, so he autocouped himself in order to concentrate power and prevent the loss of immunity.
The people are prostesting for their anger at a government that keeps fucking up on stabilizing things, specially since Castillo (the one who they voted for in the South) is gone. Dina fucked up in calming them, by saying she intended to fullfil the whole term of Castillo (she's the VP, so she's allowed to do that); Congress didn't help because they were celebrating that they finally sacked Castillo, as if they weren't hated by a lot of people for doing nothing and warming their seats. Since the protests have been escalating, they've backpedaled on the "we'll stay until 2026".
The actual jail time can be up to 30 years. The crimes he is being accused are quite serious in peruvian law.
This is the best explanation I’ve read yet to those of us outside of Peru. The government is infighting for who gets the most power and in that receives the biggest benefit from the corruption? The people aren’t fighting for one side or the other in large then? (I know you have some that fall for one government propaganda or the other but I’m taking about the majority) They want they whole thing to go down so they can build what the people desire? The answers to this questions I’ve read today are so incredibly biased toward one narrative or the other I suspected what you just stated to be the closest to what is actually going on.
I wouldn’t be surprised if things weren’t intentionally being muddied and lots of propaganda being thrown around so the people can’t coordinate what exactly it is that they want. The world is on edge everywhere and people have grown tired of corruption and lies from all of the elite everywhere. If they don’t try to get us to argue each other then the global unrest is going to come hard and fast. It’s not just a Peruvian problem it’s a world problem.