It makes repeated reference to this particular list drawing repeat criticism for its lack of diversity and making deliberate efforts to broaden its polling base in response (ostensibly to change the outcome).
Unless of course they decide to be super progressive now, so fuck you Hitch, Ozu and Orson, your movies are suddenly worse than something we werent celebrating at all in previous decades.
its very much has an artistry to it but i do not think what i am watching would be what i would call "the greatest film of all time".
and the quick interviews ive seen of people discussing the film... well they all come across as overly full of themselves.
You should heard of it. Jeanne Dielman is one of the greatest films, but this ranking is indeed subjective, it of course highly reflect the trend of the time.
im actually taking a break from watching it right now to reply to you. its.... interesting and artistic. but i don't think i quite agree with it being the greatest film EVARRRR.
no. but for something someone wants to label "the greatest film of all time." i'd have expected to have atleast heard about it before now. i've studied film, and cinematography. i come from an acting and film background. i work professionally in lighting for film/events. i enjoy cinema. so i dunno, i figured if its such hot shit id have heard of it.
No, they will choose Citizen Kane, Tokyo Story or Vertigo as they did for last fifty years. You know, real landmarks in cinema history.
Get Out, Parasite, Moonlight and Portrait Of A Lady On Fire are only new movies from last decade on the list. And you are saying it is not a bit about being more progressive, that it is only about quality of filmmaking? .
My problem is that it is less known for a good reason - it is simply much less important and worse move than most on that list. Same goes for new movies added.
no, but i have watched a lot of movies. ive taken classes on classic film and cinemetography. i enjoy foreign films as well even if im a little less familiar. so i'm suprised ive never heard of it before.