In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Imagine being a senior Republican and having any chance of leadership or key committee positions taken from you just because the party leader gave into the crazies. It's like the entire party is ok being cucked.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I feel like we have three parties now, Democrats, Republicans, and MAGA. We all haven't figured out what that means yet, but it is starting to sink in with some Republicans this week.
They wouldn't be conservatives if they weren't behind the curve, it's not just their identity, it's their rallying cry.
Also, Trump owns that party, they're all MAGA now. They may try to prop up DeSantis as an alternative, but that man is just the "We have Trump at home" version of Trump. Look at who they ran to when they couldn't get their shit together in the House. It wasn't McConnell or some other elder of the Republican, it wasn't former Speakers Ryan, Boehner, or Gingrich, and sure as shit wasn't anyone from the Bush or Cheney families. Nah, it was daddy himself, Trump. He's still the leader of the party and Republicans can't quit him, anyone that says otherwise is delusional.
Yeah, I remember those fistfights busting out every time Pelosi was elected Speaker, it was a horrible time. Yeah, we may have had Manchin and Sinema to contend with, but nothing like the clusterfuck of last week.
> Rep. Kevin Hern (R-Okla.), chair of the powerful conservative Republican Study Committee, said he hasn’t seen the document, but “I am told that it exists, but we’re free to come look at it … I guess in [McCarthy’s] office.”.