Are there any charities that are focused on helping people survive the winter? I would like to donate to any charity that sends good winter clothing and other winter necessities to Ukraine.
There's a Ukrainian charity in Czech republic that operates out of a clothing store , and they stitch warm clothing for the Ukrainian military/ civilians. Their Instagram is @volunteers_cz. They have a PayPal that accepts donation , if you check out their Instagram, i think you'll have a good idea of what they do , i hope you decide to donate through them !
There are plenty of charities currently dedicated to helping Ukraine, and many specialize in purely civilian charity. I'm not sure of one off the top of my head but maybe the red cross?
Shipping that pair of socks to the front line, on the other hand, is harder. Shipping a hundred thousand pairs of socks to the front line is harder still.
The Russian economy produces plenty of socks. Any babushka with a pair of knitting needles can produce a pair of socks. You or I could produce a pair of socks if we knew how to knit.
This is why soldiers (and, especially, infantry) need large amounts of socks and underwear: if you want a clean set of clothing, you change into a new one. If you're lucky, there's detergent you can use to scrub your clothes clean in a washtub. The front lines are not exactly a friendly place for getting your laundry cleaned.
The US, and, to a lesser extent, NATO militaries in general, are anomalies in that their militaries often have access to well-equipped bases with everything from laundry services to restaurants. Most militaries aren't like that.
Sure, things are going back to what they were in the USSR, but there was a generation of Russians who realized that both the despair and fear were bullshit.
Maybe, but Russian military performance indicates a pretty significant degree of incompetence or lack of capability.
Like, sure, it might be (IMO, probably is) pro-Ukrainian propaganda that Russian troops don't have socks, but it's very clearly not propaganda that the Russian military nearly made it to Kyiv, then slowly got pushed back on multiple fronts until it is where it's at now.
The Russian government is weaker this time around, and the Russian people are less apathetic. Maybe the Russian government isn't that much weaker, and maybe the Russian people aren't that much less apathetic, but it's not quite as bad as last time...which means the Russian government is loosing.
Also, consider that everyone and their dog is ganging up on Russia these days, or at least not friendly towards them. There's internal resistance within Russia, to be sure, but there are also external factors constantly trying to worm their way into it, and cause the government's control to decay, and drill holes and cracks and flaws and weaknesses into the government's control.
It's like the Confederate States of America, or the southern American states that created it: sure, there are slave revolts, from within the South, but there are also a bunch of John Browns and Harriet Tubmans chip-chip-chipping away at it from the outside to try and collapse it.
The US, though, is culturally resistant to such things, has a population that mostly still believes good things are possible, and has significant internal backlash to these ideas. It's much harder to "break" the US population than it was to "break" the Russian one.
It's not just small portions of the Russian people fighting the Russian government anymore. Entire governments are trying to do so as well, and I think that, between the two of them, they're winning.
; it's just that the Russians responsible for Russia's cultural heritage usually had some variety of gun aimed at their heads while they were doing it.
It's just that (a) many Russians are too afraid to try to change it, and (b) most Russians that aren't the Russians in (a) want things to be this way.
For everyone in Russia who hates the current state of affairs and wants it to end, there's someone who supports it. The Russian state is not evil simply because it is; it's evil because some people actively make it that way.