In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Perhaps he just wanted to read a headline about himself today that isn't about how he ratfucked the Republicans and they now hate him for it. It has been truly surprising to me how 2/3rds of all right-wing people turned on the same dime! For someone that consumes as much media with his name in it as possible, it must be agonizing -- there are so few pro-Trump sources left.
I've been trying to keep tabs on what various right-wing online communities have been saying this week, and there's only one spot left where I keep seeing a domination of pro-Trump messaging, and even that seems chaotic. That would be T\_D's bastard stepchild website (I won't give the URL here; it's easy to find if you're curious), which I keep checking to see what his true core is saying about this.
While they're frantic and worked up, and still seem fairly loyal to the man, AND there are still a handful of people clinging to "It isn't Trump's fault, THEY CHEATED AGAIN!" ... there is not nearly as much of that as there was in 2020. I also think that T\_D's new home is pretty much the only place left where the message is majority pro-Trump.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Even on that Trump-worshipping reddit clone, I'm seeing voices of mild dissent go undeleted. I'm seeing antisemitic remarks get scolded down, and conspiracy theories ridiculed, in little pocket posts that don't seem to be getting obliterated like they would have in the past.
So, they still love him at T\_D's nasty little offshoot ... but that seems to be the last bastion where his cult has retreated to, and they are not feeling particularly confident or strong right now.
Everywhere else I look, /r/conservative, Fox News comments, Breitbart comments, quotes from conservative talk radio, pretty much anywhere you might be exposed to right-wing thought processes unfiltered ... you wouldn't believe it's the same group of people. The vast majority of the actual right-wing propaganda machine ... it's like they all decided at once that it was time. That it was a big electoral loss that did it rather than an attempted coup is depressing, but it would be difficult to claim that it's surprising.
I think he might actually go down this time -- but he's going to take as many of them with him as he can. He's demonstrated a thousand times over that he wouldn't have any qualms about taking that big chunk that are still loyal to him and using it to absolutely spoil the shit out of the GOP in 2024. MAGA Party, here we come.
Hey that’s awesome you keep an eye on them too Keep it up and you notice the craziest patterns. Also look up any local rightwing groups by you on facebook Then you can also see what the ones by you are up to.