In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The US clearly needs an overhaul of security on classified documents. They should not be able to be misplaced and end up in private hands. I’m thankful that Biden is cooperating unlike the last guy, but classified documents going home with multiple government officials is a problem.
It drives me nuts how team allegiance is blinding ppl to the fact that two separate instances need two separate but fair consequences.
It shouldn’t. Both should be held accountable. One doesn’t choose a punishment for one crime based on whether anyone else committed that crime in the past 6 months.
Anecdote: I did contract work for a company a few years ago and some of the material involved was fairly confidential (their db schemas, client records, etc.). I obviously had to sign an NDA, but in addition - there were incredibly strict handling procedures. One of which I remember vividly: all company material was to be maintained at all times. This meant when I was done, it was to be returned. When I needed something - I was responsible for it. If I lost something (I never did, but a colleague did) he was sued - and lost.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
How in the actual hell do we have national security documents being stored... in a garage? I don't care if the garage is monitored 24/7 by snipers and the USSS... why... the... hell... is... it... even... there?
This problem extends throughout all of politics, left, right, up, down, whatever. There is a very real lack of seriousness being paid to the handling of public office.