In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I would like to take this opportunity to remind folks that it used to be you could only pay back $250K of personal loans to a campaign after an election, and it had to be done in 30 days.
There's no proof or evidence in the complaint, just a "seriously, Brazil and Florida and everybody involved worked for a ponzi scheme company and there are no named clients or corporate report filings, this looks suspicious as fuck" allegation.
Thanks to created and filed and argued and won by another foreign-born lawmaker, an unlimited amount of money that will literally pass into into a lawmakers own pocket can be donated to a campaign after the election to pay down personal loans.
There are other super shady things too, like a large number of expenses that are a single penny shy of what would require receipts. For instance, he expensed a hotel stay for $199.99 when the cheapest room would have been $700.
Guys like that are cheap to hire for a reason. I remember saying "Paul Fucking Manafort ? The guy from Black, Manafort, and Stone ? Isn't he in the Balkans or something ?".
That is the essence of the FEC complaint. It basically says "we think it is likely that the personal loan from the candidate to the campaign came from a straw donor, and that straw donor is a foreign entity".
I feel sorry for the staffers who thought they were boldly supporting an immigrant gay conservative, getting all mixed up with the staffers for whom "let's impersonate the House Minority Leader's Chief of Staff" was a leading plan.
I agree with Peter Strozk that this guy's clumsy and shameless fibs don't indicate a sophisticated foreign operation.
As a conman, that guy is in a league apart. says his campaign staff raised money by impersonating a high-ranking person in the current House Speaker's office.