Because there are none - the thing EU talks about is interpretation of EU law Enel vs Costa - not law itself (which is issue because Poland is fully text is more important) - and this leads to issue with Polish constitution and validity of treaties in Polish context (don't get me wrong PiS did certainly make machinations with law - but that does not mean EU can do the same) - Polish constitution is explicit by article 8 - which establishes "supremacy" (more like superiority).
The thing with EU fallacy here is that while this CT did strike interpretations of the law (for now leave aside the issues with this CT) - it did not decide of primacy of Polish constitution - constitution did and in EU context: past CT did that in 2005 in context of EU law as condition necessary for applicability of EU treaties.
The thing that EU is expecting to get "Primacy" is simply impossible from Polish law within Treaties and Constitution:
Debacle in 2004 (mind you Polish constitution does not care about dates - any law is subject to constitutionality check - before and after the fact - as no law can enter Polish legal system if it's unconstitutional) was started is far-right politicians (LPR) sent issue with EU primacy to invalidate the treaties and CT ruled what can be summarized as EU Primacy is not in text so by "friendly" interpretation it does not exist - otherwise it would reach "unfriendly" interpretation and would need to strike down EU treaties.
As far as most basic Polish Rule of Law is concerned what PiS does is using existing interpretations (and distorting) to get to expected result, but using established concepts that itself cannot be challenged: supremacy of Constitution, prerogative (exclusive and final \[maybe with exception to Tribunal of State\] power) of President in certain (very limited) duties (that also include final 'vote' on judge nominations - that gives judge his status as judge), finality of CT rulings - these are literal. what EU does is using interpretation that was never accepted in Poland (as it would invalidate the treaties) is essentially throwing the baby out with bathwater - it would lead into legal black hole - that can end only with we don't acknowledge (1) primacy (PiS is not exclusive in this one - the biggest opposition party most often than back when they were in power simply hid topic under carpet - they even tried to do the same during PiS vs EU but then EU explicitly came out with "yes we mean primacy" which made hard to advance KO's : "No EU did not meant for Constitution to be less important than EU law") or Polexit except more like PolneverinEU (2) - with legal implications of all EU deals, transactions, laws. judgements ... \- everything about EU was illegal - No government would accept that - so (1): it's EU overreach.
If Poland want to continue receiving benefit of EU it will have mend some of its rule to conform with EU law or Poland can decide to leave like Britain did.
Polish people don't want to leave. We just have authocratic government who has BARELY a majority and is soo afraid to lose it.
Well, not surprising. One of bane of joining EU is you will lose some independence and that can cause clash between member country and EU.
They will still have the most votes of all parties but they won't get a majority of seats. Not by a longshot. I only hope they won't corrupt enough members of the current opposition to remain in power. Plus they still have the president and a lot of other tools to obstruct changes.