I mean these guys aren't there for no reason. They are there to protect Russian financial investments and expand Russian political reach. The tactical losses of these extra forces being relocated to positions in Ukraine would pale in comparison to the strategic gains of Russia losing whatever assets they are overseeing in Africa.
Russia already decided it was more important to keep them where they are anyhow, even when every warm body is needed in Ukraine. That should speak to it's value enough.
In other hand in Eastern Libya do you know who the parliament chose ? Fathi Bashagha the chief of armed forces of pervious western Libya government who was fighting hafter, today hafter and Bashagha accepted each other, the Eastern Libya current government is the only government that's represents the both sides of libyan civil war under the lead of Bashagha not hafter do you know what that's mean ?
Remember when General Khalifa Haftar, with the support of Wagner group, Egypt, UAE and even France, tried to over throw the elected UN recognised government of Libya and started another civil war? Whatever happened there?
Where the article mentioned they weren't actually affiliated with al-qaida or isis ? Ironically most who joined isis for first place was they were offer good money.
The other side was also supported by Turkey useing Syrian militia with alot of extremist who were affiliated with groups such as al-Qaida and the Islamic State.
No that's just a fantasy word used by US to refer to who they like more, there was only one single election in 2012 and never happened again, ironically the current head of western Libya government refused to hand over power after the end of his term as prime minister and who support him ? Exactly the militias, today Tripoli is divided between militias groups and they even fight with each over power.
So I really don't know how militias is any good for democratic process they are literally the main obstacle to Libya stability and Peaceful transfer of power.
It's clear that's Bashagha, hafter and dbeibeh (western libya government) all want to gain the power for the long term but if you looked to each sides you will find hafter and Bashagha decided to not use armed forces to decide who gain the power and do you know what is the only other option exactly democratic elections.
There is no democracy in libya thats a fact but under the current situation with militias controlling the capital I don't think having elected government that's could bring stability to libya won't be an easy task at all in the other hand the Sharing of power between between Bashagha and hafter is the best opportunity libya had to achieve that.
“Despite widespread reports of the fighters’ extremist links, the report says the U.S. military found no evidence to suggest the mercenaries were affiliated with the Islamic State extremist group or al-Qaida. It says they were “very likely” motivated by generous financial packages rather than ideology or politics.”.
I didn't mentioned the majority of them are affiliated with isis or Al qaida or that they went to Libya to fight for isis and Al qaida I said they went for money like what most isis fighters join isis for.
Your source says they were “very likely” motivated by generous financial packages rather than ideology or politics.”.
There is ton of articles and studies from non government institutions that found a lot of this fighters are very extremists and a lot of them were fighting for isis and other terrorist groups they aren't "affiliated" with isis or any other group for now but many were.
And I will repeat it again most isis fighters join isis for money especially in beginning when isis had huge income from oil fields and royalties, and those fighters after isis lost all their territories in iraq and syria they found better offer from Turkey to fight for government having huge connections with Muslim brotherhoods or atleast what they believe.
The main concern is what will happens to the Syrian militias after the war ends, and what will happen if the war ends disastrously. Who they will join next?