In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The folks over a /r/law were saying they can not release any information about potential crimes about people not interviewed during the probe as it would cause due process issues.
This is why he makes no effort to keep his lies straight: he's not lying with the normal psychology of a liar, which is someone who knows what the truth is and says the other thing. He's lying with the psychology of someone for whom reality is wibbly-wobbly at best. Even when he says back-to-back things that are completely contradictory, his brain doesn't parse it as a contradiction. He said the truth the first time, and he said the truth the second time, and if you sense any contradiction, that's just evidence that you're unable to keep up with his perfect brain and that shit's on you.
100% delusional. I think so many people failed to understand this while he was in the White House, and rationalized his behavior one way or another. He quite simply does not live in reality. His brain is in the constant state of rewriting every last bit of his sensory input so as to reinforce his perfection and prevent injury to his fragile ego.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
This applies to all things great and small. If you ask him what he had for breakfast that morning, his brain will tell him that his breakfast consisted of whatever he's decided makes him sound the best. It's basically an exercise in futility to parse out what a narcissist like him "truly believes" since his entire psyche is constructed around the idea of rendering the basic concept of objective reality meaningless.
It's like a caricature of textbook narcissism. Such a fragile ego that truly, in their heart, they are incapable of seeing themselves in anything but a grand, positive light. And taking down anyone around them who threatens that image.