How would you describe it otherwise? Asking as someone who has almost no knowledge on the subject (other than comparing it to what has been happening, for example, in Poland, where the government was basically trying to take over the judicial branch in order to exert control over multinational companies and investment).
It's less of a reform, more of an assertion of power from branch of government over the other. Like if the US Supreme Court ruled that it could tell the President what to do. Calling that reform is like calling a fist fight facial reconstructive surgery.
Though to actually answer you, what you might actually call it is a collapse of democratic institutions.
The problem is Israel doesn't have a constitution that defines checks and balances between the branches, and it needs to. To continue with the American analogy, the Court checks the legislature by ruling laws constitutional or not, and Congress can check the court with amendments are statutes. This particular controversy in Israel is about the Knesset checking the judiciary, and recent American jurisprudence shows exactly how important that is, and Congress actually acted to protect gay marriage using exactly that mechanism recently. There needs to be judicial reform because right now there are no established checks. How that actually looks needs to be negotiated, but there also does not need to be as much pearl clutching around this as there appears to be. This is pure histrionics:
This isn't an attack on democratic institutions. If you want to be strict about it, the Knesset is the democratically elected institution and it's trying to grab power from the courts. If anything, it's a power grab for democracy. The problem is that such a power grab allows a tyranny of the majority. So it needs to be better fleshed out than what is proposed. What Israel really needs is a constitutional convention.
If your only criteria for a democracy is there being votes, then welcome Syria, Russia, Iran, and China to the list of democracies.
A functional democracy requires separation of power, and what the Netanyahu govt is trying to do is destroy all separation of power. Already separation of power in Israel is weak, with a single election securing control of both legislature and executive wings. Now they want to also do the same to the judiciary, by making it so any rulings it makes are meaningless since parliament can veto it in a single re-vote.
To put it another way--it means that a single government could, for example, turn Israel into a theocracy overnight, destroy democracy, issue any insane law it wants without anyone to stop them. In the absence of separation of powers within the context of the parliament (such formalities as the UK House of Lords or the king that will have the power to stop parliament if they decide to do something evil that will threaten the people), the Supreme Court is absolutely necessary.
Not only is this attempting to create a tyranny of the majority (51% able to take away the rights of the 49%--sorry mate, majority rule is not called democracy), not only will this make Israel not a democracy anymore akin to Syria or Egypt, it will also lay all foundations necessary for a government to turn into a dictatorship if they so wish. In a western democracy, it is all but impossible for a democracy to undo itself short of a coup, but the reform proposed will turn it into a matter of legality.
They are attempting to subvert the rule of law and destroy separation of powers, maintaining power through enough fear and hate. Those are not the characteristics of a democracy; they are the characteristics of a dictatorship.
> The problem is that such a power grab allows a tyranny of the majority. So it needs to be better fleshed out than what is proposed. What Israel really needs is a constitutional convention.
Israel isn't a 2 party state. This doesn't work. What percentage of Israel voted for Likud? Like a quarter of Israel? Why would a majority of the country agree to rig elections? A party would break from the coalition and you're back to elections. It's a ridiculous fear.
It's absolutely not. A (modern, western) requires separate branches of power, among them, an unelected judiciary, representing the core long-term values and laws of the State, so that a single government cannot undo everything that defined the state for decades. For true democracy, you need to do it the democratic way--prove that it's the will of the people through decades of reform and shift of laws, not a legislative coup against the rule of law.
Just because the Supreme Court's various rulings are hit or miss does not mean we should get rid of the Supreme Court. It means we need a constitution. It doesn't mean we need to effectively abolish the court.
The reaction is not strong enough. Everyone should be protesting these 'reforms'. Just because Israel needs a Constitution and does not yet have one does not mean it doesn't need to be a democracy with laws and protected rights.
Even as proposed it doesn't abolish the court. That's a silly take. It just allows the Knesset to override it by simple majority rather than the more standard super majority. And the people voting are themselves subject to direct democracy. Everyone's pearls are fine. Israel needs a constitutional convention and actually hammer out a sensible set of checks and balances, but democracy isn't on the line because it needs 16.7% less than a super majority to overturn the court. "This is the death of democracy" is becoming the liberal equivalent of circa 2002 "this is how the terrorists win." Dial it back.
He may be more informed but he is also more opinionated. You were entirely correct to call it an attack on one branch by another, and a potential collapse of democratic institutions.
It is an attack on democratic institutions, and if the Supreme Court does not defend itself by vetoing the reforms (should they come to pass), then Israel will cease to be a real democracy, and will join the likes of Egypt, Syria, and Russia's definitions of 'democracies'. A state that does not comply with the definition of a is not a democracy. Depending on the degree of non-compliance it can be evaluated as a flawed democracy among several other meanings, but no separation of power will torpedo Israel's standing in the democracy index.
I don't think you appreciate the fact that if those 'reforms' pass nothing will protect you from any law they want to pass.
I'm less opinionated than you think. Just because I'm not freaking out doesn't mean I favor it. Checks on the court are correct in theory even if I disagree with the proposed method. If you couldn't tell, I'm in favor of super majority checks. I just don't think it's a huge deal and the people still have a direct check on those that could abuse the check.
Direct check? What direct check? There is no check by the people beyond causing economic damage. You are talking about a scenario where the legislative goes rogue. It's all over if the legislative goes rogue. They can institute state propaganda, outlaw criticism using loaded language to excuse the censorship, and you'll end up with a situation no different from any other "democracy.".
Yes, 'the people' have a check on the government, where if half the country rises up the govt has no choice but to collapse. But ask Iran how that's going. Ask the Chinese if they have a 'check' on the government.
When the government goes rogue, only a tiny minority of the people will protest, especially as propaganda takes over and Russian and Chinese mechanisms to control the population's thought process take root.