In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Desantis, like Trump, will only ever condemn nazis if he absolutely must based on a calculated political risk of not doing so. Meanwhile and afterwards, like Trump, he'll embolden white nationalism and be the rallying call for the movements goals.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
That's the cool thing about all the terrorism from the right, the plausible deniability. Meanwhile, he's not going to condemn them, is he? He has not said a single thing about trumps dinner, for that matter.
Why would he get on his knees to condemn every single things that happens? He's not responsible for any of it and has nothing to do with it. It's like expecting a random Taiwanese person to condemn something bad Biden did. They have nothing to do with Biden or the US.
They were at Disney precisely bc of his statements on grooming. His comments are directly related to them showing up at Disney. Grooming was his term. Tough to pretend its not related. He certainly had time to release a statement? No, too busy partying with underage girls?
I have. He was talking about confederates and nazis. I saw it happen live. Attempts to gaslight it because he balked on a condemnation following an admiration won't convince anyone.
Why would DeSantis change his entire politics just because a few extreme nuts follow him? That's like saying communists support Biden and because Biden hasn't changed his politics, he supports communism. You're using what I call the Leech Fallacy.
Communists don't support Biden and his goals. Communists, like everyone left of far right (except people that actually support Biden), voted Biden under duress as the antifascist vote.
He literally said he was not talking about the Nazis and KKK members when he said there were very fine people. He said there were very fine people because a few people at the rally were average BLM supporters or some of his own supporters.
He said very fine people on both sides, one side being nazis and confederates. Again, you aren't convincing anyone, and I'm obviously not going to convince a white nationalist apologist of reality.