The aquarium does belong to SEA LIFE Berlin, not the Radison Hotel. Only one tank, the AquaDom, was located in a courtyard shared with the hotel.
So there are plenty more aquariums in SEA LIFE. If there is no structural damage to the building they will reopen without the AquaDom I guess. The AquaDom was build by Reynolds Polymer Technology, Grand Junction, CO.
Would still be interesting to see a webcam of how it happened, like if it just burst or if there were cracks etc...
Also did the elevator survive this or did it's wands fail too? Can't imagine how it must have been being in there when the thing broke. \Shudder.
Well i mean it was an elevator that went through a cylindrical aquarium. The load of the elevator would have nothing to do with it bursting.
Edit: Maybe you refer to my first sentence, i meant that it would have been a disaster with way more injured/death when people were riding the elevator when the tank burst.
OMG I stayed at this hotel (mostly as a gag because of how unusual it was) in 2019, the only time I’ve been to Berlin. The aquarium was beautiful but seemed like an extremely impractical thing to have in the middle of a hotel, for guests and for the fish—i was nervous something could go wrong the entire time. I suppose it’s a foregone conclusion the sea animals have perished which is super sad…without this aquarium, I have a hard time seeing how the hotel manages in the future and a rebuild will be impossible.
It was incredibly unusual because you could be very close and you had the elevator it's of course very sad for all of the animals.
I cannot tell you how many times we have detoured into the lobby of this hotel walking by. In fact I just happened to walk by yesterday and that was one of the only times I didn't consciously step inside for a few minutes.
Add to that that it was again below freezing overnight and I'm sure this was a very difficult situation.
Glad that you are safe and didn’t go in at the point of the accident! It is such an active space, so many more people could have been injured, or even killed. Feel so bad for the workers there who have to deal with this right before the holidays. I remember the staff being so kind. I wonder what ultimately caused this.
That's actually odd because while it has been down to about -8 or -10 some nights this week we Ve had nights in the past up to - 20. In that weather the trains do stop running and there are definitely issues but I cannot see indoors with that temperature being unusual considering it has been much colder sometimes.
Being German, i still have never been there myself, actually i didn't even know it existed before this news.