I hope the citizens of Iran, and particularly the youth, take these evil tyrants down and actually get their hands on them. No punishment is too harsh for the ruling class of Iran, for what they have done.
Also I'm told that while the regime is hated in urban areas there are a lot of poorly educated people in rural areas that support it. Turkey has the same problem.
Sadly, the Iranians are likely on their own for the time-being unless Israel and some of the Gulf states decided to go it alone which is unlikely in the near-term.
They'd need a strong political unifying political opposition and support from a good portion of the army to do that. The alternative is to rush in weapons, give the Iranian state the excuse to indiscriminately torture, detain and execute suspected (and note I say suspected) members of the opposition. This opens a potential second front alongside Ukraine and risks a return to a more significant energy crisis than the recent one with less chance to source alternatives and greater potential for exploitation by those remaining alternative sources.
I have done plenty research bud, the shah before our previous shah, some argue he was a form of dictator, and I see their point as he essentially outcasted Islam and outcasted the ayotallah to Iraq… not fully taking into consideration that it’s been a Muslim country since 660AD. But his successor reza shah re opened conversations with them as he himself was Muslim (his father wasn’t obv). But he also changed the arrangement with the oil, which the west did not like, and subsequently after a lot of Shenanigans he left Iran and this government took over.
They would lose all control, at least right now they're not shelling entire neighbourhoods from existence like Bashar did in Syria. Hard as it is, the best solution is a political one, not that I see the mullahs wanting to see out their remaining days in exile in Russia... Still, it's very clear that they are despised by a good majority of their own people and that leaves them unable to claim legitimacy in governance.
Yup, they prevented Iran from becoming a super power but unknowingly created a dictator government which then went to ally with its enemies (Russia/China).