Ukrainian forces from the 47th Assault Brigade have received M1224 MaxxPro MRAPs, augmenting their NATO standard M-55s tanks, small arms, and newly donated M2A2 Bradley ODS IFVs.
Newly elected Czech President Petr Pavel wants to have a phone conversation with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and come to Kyiv on a visit, ČT24 TV channel reports.
Ukrainian defenders destroyed a bridge over the Molochna River near Melitopol'. It was on the supply route for Russian invasion forces in Zaporizhzhya region.
Local partisans of the National Resistance report an enemy convoy was on the bridge when it was struck.
I’ve been wondering why they hadn’t made an attack to the bridge prior to this, considering the significance of the crossing at this point, but the possible convoy at the strike would be a great reason for the patience.
2/2 It seems that the enemy made a few interesting decisions, which everyone will see in the near time. Unfortunately, I cannot talk about it publicly at the moment.
I mean… people keep being shocked by this. Literally none of these deliveries enter the field at the time they’ve announced they will. Partially because it’s a fluid situation and stuff sometimes just happens but partially because announcing the exact date and time of arms deliveries is a security hazard.
3/3 The enemy doesn't seem to abandon the idea to assault Vuhledar and there are no signs that the enemy will reduce the pressure to fulfill orders. The battle continues, Vuhledar holds.
Saw pictures of the tank crews getting off the plane this morning. Idk how to explain it, it’s just so surreal. Best way I can put it is it’s sort of an in your face reminder that ‘this is real and it’s happening’. I had the same reaction to the article that the US will bring up to 100 Ukrainians to Oklahoma to train them on Patriot systems.
⚡️ The events in Iran are the consequences of their policies, said Yuriy Ihnat, the spokesman of the Verkhovna Rada of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
"Iran has certain enemies in the region, so let's hope that this country will change its political vector to a more civilized one," Yuriy Ihnat said.
Around 300 Wagner Group mercenaries have been taken to a hospital in the village of Yuvileine in Luhansk Oblast, but local doctors are refusing to treat them.
The AFU repulsed attacks in the area of Vuhledar. The RU 155th Naval infantry brigade once again got their asses kicked in this area. They managed to advance almost up to the road by Vuhledar but got pushed back to the southern dachas again.
More photos from the railway station which was targeted last night. Doesn't look as though much will be coming through here for a while, and if Russia's mobhiks were arriving when HIMARS struck there will have been a lot of casualties.
Ukrainian forces destroyed a train bridge between Melitopol and Tokmak. The extent of the structural damage is unclear.
Russia has already strategically lost this war, Putin just can't admit it or he'd end up like Gadaffi.
On the night of January 28-29, Ukrainian artillery struck the railway station in the occupied city of Ilovaisk, when the Russian invaders were unloading their equipment there.
Anatoliy Shtefan, a Ukrainian Armed Forces officer, said this on his Telegram channel, Ukrinform reports.
Russia complained but it happened after the curfew and the puppet 'government' has not mentioned casualties. Ukraine bloggers say troops were arriving when the missiles hit.
Boris Johnson said Putin threatened him with a missile strike in an"extraordinary"phone call in the run-up to 🇷🇺's invasion of Ukraine.
"He threatened me at one point & he said 'Boris, I don't want to hurt you but, with a missile,it would only take a minute' or something like that”.
"The one who receives ministers and sits on the other side of the table, looking through binoculars, is the real Putin. And the one who hugs everyone, there are several of them, I immediately know is a double.".