In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Right, it’s only when Republicans experience a problem that it’s “real”, and then they only admit to the problem when their kid/sibling/etc. is trans. And sometimes their “support” is only directed to their kid, not their constituents (e.g., see Cheney, Dick).
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I'm just scared it will work... The culture war bs woke me up as a young man, but it really sells here. Sells enough to make us go from purple to deep red.
My mother in law is a special Ed teacher in a tiny town out in the middle of nowhere. They had a trans kid who was treated wonderfully. But she was "one of theirs", so I don't think any greater lessons were learned. The entire community still votes republican. We'll see how they feel when "small government" comes for them.
We as LGBTQ Americans are especially vulnerable because what I’m seeing is the southern right in particular sees us as an easy target. Most of us aren’t gonna march, protest & camp outside the governors mansion & scream for a week & people like DeSantis know that.
Don’t get me wrong - when I was at the protests for keeping Roe & for other civil rights support I was impressed with how far we’ve come. But I also knew these people aren’t showing up when my community needs people to march for us. I knew that in my gut because I was here when Matthew Shepard was killed & I was here when Brandon Teena was killed. People were too afraid to be seen because they thought the tv footage might hit the news & people in their small towns would see their faces on the news or the paper. And looking around I feel like that’s starting again. I never felt you could slide backwards. How on earth could this happen after all the work we did to get accepted. What lies have the southern evangelicals been telling about us during that same time period for this amount of ignorance and stupidity and hatred to be leveled against us; now?! How did we miss this?
And while I’m on the subject how did we allow ourselves to break off from the community like we have? We as gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender, whatever your orientation - alone only make up single digit percentages of the population. We need each other! Accept one another and if you don’t understand why someone is bisexual or transgender or gay or whatever then ASK and ask nicely but don’t be nasty to them or exclude them because they’re not your type. We can’t afford to do that to each other. Each one of our voices is important & that goes for our straight allies too. We need your voices & acceptance & love more than ever.
This has to stop. There are LGBTQ youth ending their lives because they are terrified they’re going to be singled out at school. And I lay that right at the feet of Ronald DeSantis for manufacturing this gay panic outrage regarding gay material so he could build political points for his self-promotion.