>Various Palestinian militant groups claimed six of the dead — including the three targeted in the raid — as members. There was no immediate word on whether the others belonged to armed groups.
So don't act like there's any right side in that mess of a conflict, no one is Russia and no one is Ukraine.
The people around Israel are mad a bunch of foreigners forced to country into their region and pushed the Muslims out, and the Israelis want a home and it's really too late at this point to find a another spot.
Israel hasn't existed since the fucking Roman's renamed it And jews have been minority for a long time Both Muslims and even Christians populations were higher, there majority in the area started to fade around 70CE...so pretty long time!
So yes they're not natives Close to 2000 years have past they have no claims, unless believe the people of Turkey should give all their land to the Greeks, in fact so should Ukraine Since parts of Ukraine were controlled by Greeks, so what are you going to say Ukraine so give their territory to Greece?
The current population of Israel is made up of either immigrants or descendants of immigrants from across the world, very little of the Jewish population in Israel are from the area.
"Native Americans are not native to America anymore because they are outnumbered by European colonizers!".
Ha? Jews lived in the are for thousands of years. It was Muslim invaders who occupied the land and oppressed / cleansed Jews for hundreds of years.
Yes the Jewish diasporas never happened, and despite somehow being controlled by Christian Romans which heavily forced Christianity onto its people, it somehow had a majority Jewish population...
Even if this is your position, how is this relevant to a conversation about how to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict? Israelis are leading the world in many tech and medical sectors, and its economy continues to grow despite negligible resistance from boycotts. Even countries with antisemitic populations that have been at war with Israel have since normalized ties and commerce because they need Israeli tech. Israelis are being productive, while anti-Zionists whine on the internet, hoping that with enough whining, Israel will disappear somehow.
Jews are Middle Eastern and indigenous to the land. This has been Jewish belief since expulsion. The reestablishment of Israel is one of the greatest acts of decolonization of our time. The amount of time spent in diaspora is no longer relevant.
This is an insane take. Like claiming that Native Americans are not native to America anymore because they are outnumbered by European colonizers.
The point being, undoing the reestablishment of Israel is not a feasible option. While many are trying to come up with realistic solutions to create a lasting and just solution, complaining about 1948 does absolutely nothing. Anti-Zionists need to drill this in their heads: violence against Israel hasn't worked, boycotts against Israel have not worked, and social activism against Israel has not worked. If you are serious about a just solution, recognize and accept that Israel is not going anywhere and work towards peace.
When the British Mandate was expiring, this was no longer the case. Hence, there was a need to partition the land. Don't act like Jews simply showed up in 1881 and started forcefully evicting Arabs from their homes. Much of that land was purchased from absentee landlords.
There is already a Greek state, though. The problem is that the Jews were stateless and without self-determination. Centuries of being a minority in diaspora proved not to be working. The reestablishment of Israel was done out of necessity. Giving Turkish land to Greeks would not be out of necessity, so it's an extremely inappropriate comparison. Same goes for Russia/Ukraine.
Not to mention many of the problems are still around, like Isrealis settling on contested land which is how this problem started!
I'm getting pretty sick of reading the same thing over and over when you can already see I responded to comments saying basically the same thing you did. So sorry if this response isn't good enough.
But that doesn't mean I agree with the foundation, the solution they came up with was stupid and has caused a lot of harm, and it's not right to act like it was. Me pointing out why it was bad isn't any different then pointing out how American was bad for the natives.
To answer this because it's the easiest, I never said it should be undo in fact I think the opposite, the area much be two states now it's too late, the population has changed too much.
I believe in learning from the past and if you don't point of what was wrong with the past we can't learn from it.
The land did belong to the Palestinians, which was the population that currently lived there....I believe the land should've just been governed by the majority already living there.
Please explain to me how the jews somehow have a right to land they haven't been a majority in for like a 1000 years(and that's being kind)...that's like saying the Greeks have claims to parts of crimea since they used to control it and live there.
Because the people living in Israel are a majority immigrants from other parts of the world, the population of the area were Muslims then Christians then Jews. The jews that came may have descendants from the area but that's close to 1000 years ago so basically no connection.
Let me put it like this foreign powers came in give power to a minority group and said group grow from immigration and the majority living there didn't get a say in the matter.
"Some 688,000 immigrants came to Israel during the country’s first three and a half years at an average of close to 200,000 a year. As approximately 650,000 Jews lived in Israel at the time of the establishment of the state, this meant in effect a doubling of the Jewish population".
"I ask the same thing every time; where do you think the Jews fleeing Europe because of the Holocaust should have gone?".
And to answer your question I never said they should've not done it! I disagree with creating a state for them, the area should've been giving to everybody and not divided.
....they went there because it was the closest and easiest place to go Wtf The main reason they went there was because the area was under British control and they didn't care about what religion people were.
Guy you already showed you don't understand this topic why are you still talking "They all came I'm ww2"...