In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Whenever Democrats are caught in a perilous dilemma of epic proportions, out come the purity pundits.
bullshit. they separated it knowing they could force the unions back on the job and that sick leave wouldn't pass. dem leadership could have prevented separation of the bill and they didn't.
Nevermind that a strike could mean extending inflation to such a degree that it wipes Democrats out of all 3 branches for a few decades.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It's not purity to say that it's just fucking wrong to steal labor's right to strike because some are scared of inflation. It's rationalizing of the worst kind.
Because if you recall the same type of inflation wiped away Carter's administration as if Watergate never happened. And that was before Fox news existed.
0 mentions of inflation. 0 mentions of the filibuster. No mention of vote breakdowns other than quoting thakkers idiotic take as the word of God. Might as well let Ted Cruz whole the article if we're going to take his duplicitous "yes vote" as anything other than trolling.
Cruz is the most loathed politician in the Senate. He's personally filibustered dozens of bills of much greater importance than this one.
So thinking that Cruz's vote demonstrates anything more than vile trolling betrays a stunning lack of awareness.
For all the people who think the Democrats are the good guys here: if the Ds were really supportive of the workers they wouldn't have taken any of this up. They would have said, "You guys have a legitimate grievance. You have a legitimate tool - a strike- to make your point. If you need to strike, then strike. We've got your backs. We will not let our fears make us go against our commitment to workers.".
Cart before the horse. The harsh truth of reality here is that politics inserted itself in the middle, and completely botched things. First, the union already has a legal mechanism to air its grievances - the strike. Second, splitting the standoff into two bills was a horrible mistake.
I'm simply amazed at how few people realize the political significance inflation has in this situation.