That is just one problem with an autocracy, there is no clear line of succession or true election process and we all know the corruption involved.
I really, really hope any future dictator in Russia has enough sense to be more focused on the Russian citizens and not on land grabbing and a desire to return to the USSR days.
Currently Prigozhin would probably take that power but in no way it would be peaceful....there aren't any real competition against him if Putin kicks the bucket. Gerasimov and Shoigu have no way to gain any power after their farcical invasion...but still there remains high possibility of civil strife with chance of fracturing.
Prigozhin controls a network of companies including Wagner Group, a Russian state-backed mercenary group operating in Africa, Syria, and Ukraine; and three companies accused of interference in the 2016 and 2018 U.S. elections.[8] Prigozhin had long denied any connection to Wagner, however, a video in September 2022 showed Prigozhin in a Mari El prison recruiting inmates, promising them freedom if they served six months with the Wagner Group.
Prigozhin himself spent nine years as a convict in prisons in the Soviet Union. According to an investigation by Bellingcat, The Insider, and Der Spiegel, Prigozhin's operations "are tightly integrated with Russia's Defence Ministry and its intelligence arm, the "GRU".Prigozhin, his companies and associates face economic sanctions and criminal charges in the United States.
No one would with high probability follow Putin's blessings, Shoigu WAS a top choice at one point, but that ship has sailed, another one is Medvedev but Putin has been transferring him all over the Kremlin that I believe he doesn't trust him either, but everything is so brainwashed, truth and reality are twisted and filled with conspiracies and suspicion in Russia that no one would actually believe that Putin gave a blessing to an opposing figure.
I do not think Putin would give his blessing to Prigozhin who is popular with Ultranationalists, who haven't always been too kind to Putin and been pressuring the guy to nuke and takeover territories of former Soviet states and former Russian imperial lands. He may have Putin's ear and be his "friend" but in the end he is competition and no dictator especially as paranoid as Putin would have endless trust.
Prigozhin isn't popular with the Kremlin and the Russian Military who view the guy more as a competition to their power and would never want to see the guy in charge. But the guy isn't stupid, cruel, but not stupid he knows how to "play the game". Any strife in Russia and this guy with the money and private army is going to end up being strongest faction due to depleted Russian military, there's going to be little Gerasimov or Shoigu can do, they do not have the charm or tongue of Prigozhin.
In the end there really isn't anyone who is groomed to be the successor, which is one of the biggest failures of Putin's insane quest for one man rulership.
There isn't any real democratic force to takeover either, the figures have been exiled or jailed and the Russian corruption runs so deep within that its near impossible in near term and would require some serious Western mediation and oversight which will never happen. Navalny has no chance and the guy is a nationalist, not a real democrat.
There is probably going to be quite a few Folks sailing out of windows and drinking questionable beverages.
What if neither Wagner nor Russian Forces took control / occupy the city currently and are both broadcasting the same propaganda but filming it in front of green screens in different studios.