Lindsay asks "Did it ever work for these people?" to which Tobias answers "No. It never does. I mean these people somehow delude themselves into thinking it might. But......it might work for us.".
And the infrastructure to make these chips takes DECADES to make. Even if the West was all hands on deck here... Taiwan is about 10 years ahead of the rest of the world.
China could blockade Taiwan to restrict certain imports/exports and hold Taiwan's economy hostage. If America doesn't intervene, Taiwan's government will have to either surrender or watch its economy crumble.
Only Taiwan produces these state of the art semiconductors. Other companies than take these semiconductors and process them further. Your new CPUs and GPUs? Made in Taiwan!
So protecting Taiwan, even if not an official ally, is SO essential to the West, they may be absolutely willing to wage WW3 over it... because if China takes it, then for the next 10 years minimum the West will be FORCED to lick China's boots. (Likely longer since China will then invest to stay these 10 years ahead).
I think people that say "no way the US would go to war over Taiwan" even realize what is at stake... that it's just "some country" in the pacific.
Uh, the biggest problem with your statement is thinking Taiwan would just hand over its state-of-the-art facilities intact. They’d sooner destroy them than give them freely to an invading China… or that the US wouldn’t do so themselves before seeing the tech fall into the hands of an authoritarian CCP regime. It would simply be a scorched earth move from China, there’s no “FORCING” they can do to the West. China knows damn well they aren’t going to get keys to the factory and a neat little complimentary instruction manual under the pillow after committing genocide on Taiwan.
"Whoever controls Taiwan controls the world's computer infrastructure" essentially. If China conquers Taiwan then China will OWN the worlds' internet and technology.
As with Russia, US intel will know when China is going to strike before their own soldiers do, and all critical IP personnel will have been evacuated from the country.
It is CLEARLY neither the West’s nor Taiwan’s first plan, second plan, third plan. But it IS a plan before ever letting China have access to it and anyone being “FORCED” under the boot of China, Per the OP’s fanfic. The trillions the US spends on its military, dwarfing the rest of the world? There’s zero chance if Taiwan was going to fall in some doomsday scenario that they would merely cede control of the most critical technological infrastructure to their country.
They are still using flemathrower combat infantry which in modern battlefields is COMPLETELY obsolete and endangers your own men more than the enemy. (Bunker Busters exist... in the west flamethrowers are now only used by combat engineers to clear foliage and remove roots).
The bullets hit like SHIT . (Meaning the bullets don't fly in a straight line but tumble all over the place).
There's a reason China doesn't really have a large arms export industry: because the arms they produce are dogshit. A literal paper tiger.