There was definitely friction with congress, and a lot of people say it’s because he was more worried about how things were done then what was actually done. I’ll withhold judgement because I’m no political scientist or history major. Iran was a black mark on what seemed to be a rather positive foreign policy. As for stagflation, let’s assume more action could have been taken to curb that. Actually I’m going to sidetrack for a moment because I’d like to talk about Ford(sorry just woke up and ADD and rambling is strong early in the morning). The only unelected president, and unremarkable(I promise this will go full circle but if no one goes along for the ride no hard feelings). I almost feel bad for the guy, despite being minority house leader seemed woefully unprepared to be president. But I guess it would be kinda shocking for anyone. Now let’s say, imagination land here, did Ford really want to be re-elected? Now if he hadn’t pardoned Nixon there’s a real possibility he would’ve beat Carter. Now in our hypothetical world where Ford stays in office would Reagan get presidency? Or would public opinion of him be sour and we would’ve ended up with a democratic president instead. And really could we say that the same chute of problems that Carter faced would be any different for Ford? (If you went this far, thank you and I’m sorry lol. I have no intent of ruffling anyone’s feathers or partaking in an argument, just being talkative. Everything I’ve said has been an attempt at being as non biased as possible and light hearted civil conversation is my only end goal. I hope everyone has a great day).
In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.