They were supposed to encircle Bahkmut and start the collapse of the front. Then the Russian army was supposed to take Vuhledar and start the collapse of the front.
And yes, the war maps do show Russia gaining ground the last month or two, but it’s not a lot. Especially for how many Russians died taking it.
Yes they've been gaining ground for a couple of months, but it's been such small gains at such huge costs that I have to ask what the Russian army's plan is here. Let's say the front does collapse in their favor and the Ukrainians retreat a bit. Then what? Just keep setting up new fronts, wasting tons of men and equipment over the course of MONTHS, and then hoping for another breakthrough?
Shit, even if they managed to take all of Ukraine, then what? They have a populace of hugely pissed off people willing to cause trouble for decades to come.
Hopefully the Strykers/LAV's (and similar) will help with that strategy. Russia doesn't really have anything comparable, as their BMP fleet has proven to be incapable of safely mobilizing their infantry.
Exactly, the Ukrainian retreats aren’t a good thing for Russia either, it draws Russian troops out of their defensive positions and let’s the Ukrainians resupply and reorganize. Possibly also take a more defensible position.
I guess you've never seen "Patton" If your goal is to break an army you don't just sit there. These are not medieval sieges we're talking about. Tanks are the new cavalry, and they should be moving and attacking constantly.
There is no plan. It's so obvious that I'm truly baffled. If the US invaded a nation with this level of incompetence, the entire military brass would be fired within days/weeks.
I’m convinced that having nukes has allowed Russia to relax into this corrupt state of having a barely functioning military, simply because they know that any army that can defeat them on the battlefield will just be scared of their nukes.
What we really need is a way to render all of their nuclear weapons useless. Either through electronic warfare or sabotage or something else. Then they will tremble in their boots at their army stuck in the 1970s is suddenly facing the entire globe with their F35s and HIMARS.