In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Just a reminder that Judge McBurney specifically cited the due process rights of people who did not appear before the grand jury.
Donald John Trump was one of the only targets of this investigation who did not appear before the grand jury.
Fani Willis is the district attorney in Fulton County, Georgia (Atlanta metro area). A DA's job is mostly prosecuting violent crime. She is woefully ill-equipped for investigating election fraud. You'd be hard-pressed to find a DA with experience investigating these types of crimes, especially involving a former POTUS. Her office doesn't have the manpower or the budget to be doing this, so it's taking a long time. I also think that lends a lot of legitimacy to the situation. Every dollar and man-hour she spends investigating Trump and his cronies is a resource she can't spend prosecuting violent crime in Atlanta. She's an elected official and her job security depends on keeping Atlanta safe. This whole investigation is a gamble for her. After two years, I think she's really "pot-committed" as the poker players would say.
In terms of why the names are still secret: she went to court about a month ago to petition the judge to keep the names secret until she makes a charging decision. Her argument is that releasing the names recommended for indictment by the grand jury could violate the future defendant's civil rights (due process). In other words: they'd be accused of crimes without an opportunity to defend themselves. Her concern is that a due process violation could allow a defendant to get the indictment quashed, the venue changed, a conviction appealed, or otherwise escape going to prison. You can watch the her argument .
Judge McBurney agreed with her and ordered that only the parts of the special grand jury which didn't list any names be released. I linked his order above. Also, if we believe what this juror is saying in the OP about more than a dozen indictments including recognizable names, that probably includes DJT, Giuliani, Meadows, and maybe even Lindsey Graham.
Also, if you want to dig deep on what's going on here, the Brookings Institution wrote a very through analysis of Georgia law .