They were before already segregated by gender. The same is true for fitness studios which women are also no allowed to visit anymore now. In the past there were days for women and days for men. But that was not enough for the Taliban, so they outright ban women practically everywhere now.
I think the Taliban should do more. Keep men and women completely apart, so that no one can sin. Let all females live in the north of the country and all males in the south, so that they never even have to see each other. Then in some decades the world would be rid of the Taliban.
You might be surprised to hear that life has gone on as normal in many ways since last year's events. Not gonna defend the Taliban of course but it's a bit of a relief that Afghanistan hasn't turned into a totalitarian hellhole overnight like North Korea, or Iran in '79. Instead it's been more like loose restrictions here and there instead of a Stalin-like situation.
Some western travelers have gone there recently as tourists again, saw them on Youtube. It's surprisingly not as bad as we'd guess and it's even better without a war.
It’s so fantastic cuz when I’m out at the fair I really hope it’s just a shit ton of other dudes in hot sweaty clothes sitting next to me on the rides. Just like god intended.
There are idiots everywhere. The extreme social and religious brainwashing they are going though since birth doesn't help. I mean there were even women growing up in western countries enjoying all kinds of freedom who still joined the IS. Some people are just not right in their heads.
When women have been second string at best for millennia across the globe, it should surprise no one that so many support tribe over gender. The more a group feels threatened, the more women will support the men in the group even if they are misogynist. Slightly more than half of white women in the US vote Republican, voting tribe over gender. It’s a universal problem.
They're not stupid. The women there follow the same faith, it's just that the Taliban believe in a specific interpretation where women have little or no rights. Others interpret the religious text differently and claim that women shouldn't have less rights.
Especially with gender, as women and men are so entwined with each other, it’s hard to have your father, brothers, husband and sons, community against you, and so of course a lot of women will not rock the boat and in a country where fighting for rights is risking life and limb, it’s even more challenging.