this has been pretty reliable so far,however, there is increasing suspicion that families are discouraged to post about the deaths of their relatives in war so as to not promote "defeatism".
meanwhile,US still has teams looking for bodies in Vietnam,to make sure that even after 50 years they can be found and repatriated.
Podcast 99%Invisible had a story about the tomb of the unknown soldier where they have the remains of one soldier killed from each of Americas wars, and that the idea is that they are not supposed to be identifiable but rather represent everyone killed in each war but not identified.
They have now found so many of the American killed in action in Vietnam that they are now able to identify the last one and his remains in the tomb, and are supposed to deliver this remains to his family for burial.
I’m Russian and I grew up in a small city near 6k people and one of my former classmates and another guy my age (23) from the city died in Ukraine. And I’m not that socialised (working from home since 19) and don’t have many acquaintances. So I imagine a lot of people in Russia have their friends or acquaintances died in Ukraine… But to your point, their bodies were recovered and sent home, but it took more than a month….
Not close, I just knew them from childhood, but still I visited graveyard where they were buried and thought it’s terrible actually, they gave their lives for nothing (and it’s not a choice here basically if you haven’t got money).
there is a gap between the death of a soldier and the moment his family or comunity finds out about it.
Oh this has been happening since the start. We've gotten reports of the Russian military recovering bodies and not even sending them home. Their deaths are likely much higher but this can be used against the trolls who say Russia has only lost a few.
AFAIK, a sailor from the Moskva warship was confirmed as death to his family only in July,while his actual death happened in April.
moreover,a large number of soldiers are dead but their bodies have not/cannot be recovered,so they are counted as missing(which is standard practice in most armies).