In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Punishment and separation are the most obviously reasons. The goal of punishment is to deter the prisoner from crime in the future, and also to serve as an example to people considering crime. Separation means the criminal cannot commit that crime (usually) while incarcerated; i.e. you can't break into homes while in prison.
My guess is their professor believes once you go to prison you should be fucked for the rest of your life. A lot of people, mostly in the right, believe this.
I agree with this. Any circumstances that would remove someone’s right to vote can be weaponized, even if it’s just while they’re in prison (I know their right to vote is restored upon release).
However, there are other goals for the justice system. Ultimately, society's best interest is to keep the criminal from repeating their crimes in the future. Hopefully, they can return to society and even contribute in new and positive ways. Most people nod when you say this in person. But in my experience, the average person simply wants criminals punished, to feel bad about what they did, to regret and maybe even suffer.
In MY opinion, I would love if my life was as unaffected by criminals as possible. I don't know these criminals, I don't want to. My criminology professor professed, and many studies conclude, that rehabilitation is the most bang for your buck. The prisoner is educated on how their actions affect others, they often learn a new skill, and they are less likely to repeat their crimes.
But rehabilitating prisoners has proved to be less expensive for society in the long run. Recidivism (repeating criminal behavior) is lessened for people who return to society with new skills and understanding. The police won't have to arrest this person again, the prosecutor won't have to build a case against them again, the judge won't have to try them again, the public defender won't have to represent them again, the prison won't have to house them again.... well, it's less likely anyway.