In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Respectability politics in this sense means the ostracization of people deemed to act unrespectable. Not be respectful and strike a moderate tenor. It was a big part of the war on drugs and mass-incarceration. Harm reduction and social structures weren't seriously considered by Black leaders of this time period because they were focus on ridding their communities of people they believed gave the communities a bad rap. They didn't want the Black community to be associated with drug users within the community. That the negative stereotypes about the Black community could be countered by very paternalistic moral policing to show the Black community in DC as refined and respectable.
There's zero reason to reject respectability politics. Swing voters are a thing and don't care for radical aesthetics. At the bare minimum, policies (however moderate or radical or whatever) should be messaged in ways that are as cautious and respectable as possible.
As for the paternalistic influence or whatever, let's just remember that the alternative of decentralized grassroots participatory whatever is extremely flawed itself, and it's important to not go in that direction if progress is to actually be done.
DC is and was by far the most liberal state-level equivalent/first level subdivision in the US, not particularly representative of the nation as a whole. For even it to have 40% in favor of the drug war, that's kind of underlining my point here.
This isn't anything new. I've been reading The Color of Law. He talks about the origins of "tough on crime" and drug war policies in DC and how leaders of the community: civil rights era leaders, pastors, and an emerging class of black city leaders were the force behind a lot of the programs that would have unintended consequences that would lead to our current state of mass incarceration. In short, three factors that were prime to understanding the perspective Black leaders of that time, in their own words were a need to be a paternal influence, the politics of respectability (We should strive to remove elements of our society that make others look down on us) and the politics of responsibility (ultimately it's the Black person and Black community's responsibility to uplift itself). These concepts led to taking a more measured response than they saw in the 1960s, a movement that was seen at the time to only had modest gains compared to it's radical goals; in the 1970s they eschewed radicalism in favor of playing the game on their own terms but still with a deference to respectability and paternalism: you have to play the game by the set rules lest you lose more than you gain. A lot of the Black leaders in politics grew to form in this era and I think a lot the moderate leaders that make up the CBC still see their social identity and political identity in these terms.
I thought we've been talking about DC this whole time, that's what my first post was about! Also, you're not accurate, DC rejected reforms made in the 70s that other liberal cities did make. I don't understand what you're citing from but it's not the facts of history.
The support for the war on drugs often was an attempt to reduce harm. It didn't work out, and in retrospect we know that there are better and less restrictive ways to actually reduce harm, but we can't expect people in the past acting without hindsight to have done differently and known what we know now. The drug war wasn't, at the time, the "right" or "wrong" choice, the nation across racial lines agreed that it was the only choice. That's not a matter of leadership, that's just where the masses were at.
That's not true. White DC at the time of the start of the war on drugs in the 70s was 60/40 in favor of lesser sentences for drug users, more money for addiction treatment centers, and the decriminalization of Marijuana. Black DC, for the reasons listed above, was 60/40 against. The war on drugs was an attempt to reduce crime. It was not the only choice, just the one that won out nationwide, largely as a response to Goldwater and Nixon's presidential campaign focusing on urban crime. It's just that it had consequences that even the harshest critics didn't forsee.