"Many of the migrants set sail in small boats and are rescued by charity vessels during their journey.".
They don't have it either. Usually they collect money from the entire village. Once they have a job in Europe, they are then expected to send remittances back. It's an investment.
Said country, or at least the corporations it harbors, have been exploiting that country for years. Doesn't really seem unfair.
Same happens with corn and wheat. Surplus production is labelled as food aid, counts towards the goals the countries have set in aid, and gets sent to Africa.
Also, try being a farmer when Europe and the US send food aid there even when there's no famine. Switzerland's farmers bitch about cheaper European products and ask for more protections. However, we're sending free or very cheap powdered milk to Africa, since our subsidised farmers with purchase gaurantee produce way too much.
Try competing with free. For as long as we fuck their continent up I can't be against them coming here.
“The EU+ recognition rate was 41 % in July, in line with the average for the first half of 2022. Positive decisions granted refugee status slightly more often than subsidiary protection.”.
> Other problems regularly faced by migrants -- from extortion to bureaucratic red tape -- have been "exacerbated by the war," Chupik added.
If a government leaves people to die in an Italian harbour and thinks that's cool, two things will happen: Firstly, Italy will be considered a pariah state and sanctioned by the international community, seriously hurting its already ailing economy. Secondly, there will be an uprising that attempts to overthrow said tyrannical government and return the rule of law.
Tunisia has been caught expelling migrants across the border and abandoning them in the Libyan desert, besides the largest group of migrants are currently Tunisians, so it isn't too surprising the NGOs don't want to return them to Tunisia.
Egypt for example sentenced 356 people to death in 2021, becoming the world’s top issuer of death sentences. According to Amnesty International the death sentence is often imposed on the basis of testimonies extracted after torture there.
Regarding the ferry routes: You really think they would spend their life savings and risk drowning in the Mediterranean on a dinghy if they could just take the much cheaper ferry trip?
It's also absurd to say the ship becomes a "pirate ship". There is an obligation to rescue people from vessels in distress.
Depends, I guess. Syrians and Iranians most likely wouldn't because Russia is too close to the respective regime. For others it's a question of language proficiency. There are about 8 million Central Asian migrants in Russia for example.
You don't seem to have a good grasp on the geography of the region. Lampedusa is an Italian island. Algeria is not closer than Italy. Egypt is not closer than Italy. Not even close. Only Tunisia and Malta might be closer, depending on where the vessel picks up migrants.
Great, let the fascists out themselves. Either the Italians will rise up against such depravity or Italy will become an international pariah like Russia or North Korea. I still have faith that most Italians are not inhumane monsters.
That is just her opinion. International maritime law says something different. Both the flag state and the coastal states have a responsibility to work together to find a solution in case the ship cannot find a port that is willing to allow the people they rescued disembark.
It is not possible to apply for asylum at the Italian Embassy in Tunis or any other Italian diplomatic mission.
If you want to be condescending towards others, you should first make sure that you actually know what you are talking about.
That's a common misconception. It might have been the case in recent years, but this year most of the migrants crossing the Mediterranean are not from sub-Saharan Africa anymore.
As I said: According to international maritime law both the flag state and the coastal states have a responsibility to work together to find a solution in case the ship cannot find a port that is willing to allow the people they rescued disembark. Them being stuck on the vessel that rescued them is not a solution. It's also just not going to work. At some point supplies will run out.
How do you know? They have not been allowed to submit an application for asylum yet. They are still on the boat. I'm all for sending back those who do not have legitimate grounds for asylum, but the process has to be followed and each individual case has to be assessed.
The NGOs only came into play after European coastguard stopped their activities (Operation Mare Nostrum). If the Italian coastguard restarts their search and rescue operations, the NGOs have reached their goal.
Why would you think they had better chances elsewhere? Most likely they would sail for a week to reach a harbour of another country, only to end up in the exact same situation there. Their best bet right now is to stay right where they are. Once the humanitarian situation aboard becomes untenable, Italy will have no choice but to let them disembark, one way or another.