With the best of will, I don't see how any sort of legislation can possibly help in Brazil with deforestation...
I really don't know what's left here other than serious military intervention given the vast areas concerned and the fact that it's more or less perpetrated by organised crime already.
With modern satellite imagery it's very easy to figure out see where illegal logging and clearcutting for pasture land has taken place...
With public satellite services as provided by the European Copernicus Sentinel satellites, everybody is able to look up the reality on the ground over the last years... these are not crimes perpetrated in the shadows.
As unpleasant as this might sound, this isn't a thing to legislate, at its heart this is an armed conflict that nobody is willing to commit to, so it continues to keep happening...
Local politicians, big farmers and companies control the whole operation. It went from giving wrist slaps to giving no punishment at all in the last government, even if it went back to how it was before the deforestation will continue..
Go to Windy.com ( and select the "Fire Intensity" layer, select the forest fire that seem to most appealing to you, and the go to the Sentinel Hub's EO browser here:
For bonus points use this custom script by Pierre Markuse overlaying the SWIR data with the True Colour imagery...
And obviously we need to see what happens in the future but the pointless cynicism that populates this place is odd to me.
I mean a raid or two will be good for publicity for politicians to slap themselves on the back for doing something, but it's not really going to do fuck all to solve the problem unless it becomes a damn sight more regular!
You want him to slow deforestation but whenever anything is done about it is your response going to be "you didn't solve it in 5 minutes so it'll never be enough"?
You can sign off on as many laws as you want, but it's not going to do shit if you don't actually give the people on the ground the resources to actually implement them.
Again, it's not about laws... The laws already exist, it's about assigning enough resources to actually get shit done.
It's evidence less cynicism and it adds nothing. Your response to being told that was happening was to make an assumption and judge that.
They are even described as doing exactly what you described in your post in the article also on this subs front page.
If you want specifics, point me to an area, and I'll show you a series of satellite picture of how the Amazone has been razed.
Everything and all the evidence we have is that fuck all has been done for more than half a century... exactly what evidence do you have to think anything will change anytime soon?
[edit] Given the deleted comment and the way I ways downvoted here for some comments is pretty much proof of a desperate attempt to controle the narrative here...
You're just hailing the fact that the loss of the Amazon rainforest slowed down a bit, and I'm sorry, if you call that a win, that's as sad state of affairs.
Why are you making all these excuses for this shitty sad sate of affairs instead of advocating for any sort of improvement...
Bolsonaro actually put the military in charge of reducing deforestation and it didn't helped at all. That's mainly because the military kinda want the deforestation. They like to build roads and infra there, to make it populated, so "France or U.S don't invade the amazon!".
Yes, deforestation was worse in his reign. It got worse by 150%, according to stats revealed this week by imazon.
Uhm, you do know that Bolsenaro gutted regulations and that deforestation was never any worse than during his reign?
The answer to reduce deforestation is to work with indigenous communities and heavier IBAMA/Federal Police raid in the areas. That's how Lula helped the situation in his term.
This thread is really interesting though, given the downvote patterns, didn't think that Brazil had that much of a lobby here on reddit...
2019 to 2022, 4 years of Bolsonaro, the amazon lost 35.193km². While 2008 to 2018, 10 years data prior to Bolsonaro, the amazon lost 27.361km².
I think Lula is going to be way better with regards to the Amazon than Bolseanro, my basic point here is simply that's it's more about of resources allocated to combating deforestation than is about just simply regulation...
Yes, Brazil already have great regulation on it. It's not about regulation, it's about law enforcement. Which is back again. As Bolsonaro was against any enforcement on deforestation.