In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Acti/Blizz yearly revenue is something like 9 billion dollars, and for MS, it has a lot of potential to help in their goal to completely dominate the gaming market. This is actually kind of a bargain for them, even though it would take a long time to have a direct ROI.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Is it just me or are these takeover bid amounts getting into "500 Squillion-Bazillion dollar" range? The sort of number you throw out as a kid when trying to bluff through a bullshit bet. It's almost like one small enclave of town has unlimited money and everyone else is living in Oliver Twist levels of poverty.
There are quite a few instances, where huge sums are being offered where it doesn't make sense. Twitter being the most recent example. I don't personally feel that the offer for Acti/Blizz falls in that category though. MS probably could get a better deal if they were willing to wait for it and apply pressure over a longer term. But, as I said, the goal here for MS is way beyond just the revenue stream, and waiting to save some money would work against their long term goals.
Edit: And the even shittier thing is that EA kinda blamed the fans for C&C4 being terrible. EA sent out a questionnaire to fans to ask what they wanted in the next C&C game. So, when the game did poorly, they just shrugged their shoulders and said "Well, we delivered what the fans wanted" when you know goddamn well they picked the absolutely worst suggestions that were submitted.
But, with MS, I don't have faith that this is to help them increase the quality of their titles or studios. I wouldn't doubt a good number of studios get shut down after the merger. COD is one piece of a bigger puzzle for them, but I feel it's not the most important. Everyone knows they'll find a way to make it exclusive to Xbox and PC(via GamePass/Live), but they want the massive amount of crap content that makes Acti/Blizz popular among the mainstream to support their GamePass initiative, which is there simply to dominate the market.