Germany provides more in support in % of GDP than the UK does. Maybe they should stop pointing fingers with their committed aid being at literally half of what germany decided on.
All the UK did was urge Germany to make a move on the Leopards. There's no reason to be upset about that, nobody was 'pointing fingers'. Germany has said that it would need to coordinate this kind of heavy aid with the United States, so the UK is trying to encourage them outside of that.
What do you think would happen if germany encouraged the UK to stop blocking the delivery of Hawker Harriers despite neither the UK nor anybody else actually putting plans into motion to deliver those?
The problem is that Mr. Wallace is asking something here that germany can't do - because it hasn't been asked to by countries that apparently plan to deliver, like Poland.
There are a lot of Leopards in Europe. Wallace is trying to push Germany into actually leading the way in exporting them. We don’t have any harriers left regardless and would be entirely useless in the conflict.
I don't know what to say, there are more options that 'we will approve your delivery to Ukraine if you want to do it on your own'.
Is this a major Ukrainian request? Germany has Leopards, the UK is encouraging Germany to send some. For instance, I'd say Germany sends minimum of 50 through 2023, but makes sure that Finland, Poland, Canada, Spain, Sweden e.t.c also send some amount as well. I still don't see your issue here. Ukraine wants heavy tanks badly, the best fit are Leopards, but Abrams are good, too.
Regarding Leopard deliveries, I'm all in for that and expect an announcement on the 20th - german media has been hinting at something. Regardless, as the german army has just above 100 operational tanks as a given time, do not expect more than 20 being delivered. The 1991 treaty + general desire of our neighbours to arm down since the 90's + absolute incompetence of the last few MoD's have done their part.
Everyone in this situation is looking to do things together, they do not want to deliver alone. Poland, Finland keep stating that they want to do a joint-delivery of Leopards with partners. Germany is not immune to this, except they do not want to just work with Euro allies, thus far they have insisted on only making a move on this heavier stuff with participation from the US. The US state department responded by saying that they support anything Germany wants to send. This is obviously not what Germany was looking for, but again, this leads to Germany's specific need for US involvement causing the bottleneck.
It's weird because France, the UK, Poland are all saying Germany will not approve delivery, while Germany has said that they have not requested the delivery. Whoever's not being truthful, I don't care, because the real issue, is why don't they do things together, instead of unilaterally, which is obviously what everyone wants, even Germany.
The UK nudging Germany toward taking more decisive action themselves on heavier weaponry is not a slight, it is not unreasonable or unkind, you're just too defensive after everyone has been unfairly shitting on Germany since the helmet scandal.
Poland has stated they will deliver if theres a coalition, Finland said they consider delivering if there is a "broad coalition".
That being said of course, I am excited about immenant announcements. And I do not shit on German aid so far, which has been excellent for the most part. Germany has drawn a ridiculous amount of flack, and Poland loves to criticise for political reasons.
If countries want to deliver Leopards, they're free to do so. This has been clearly stated by our vice-chancellor. Any "blockade" by germany could be easy exposed by just handing in an export request, uploading a picture of it on twitter and tagging the german gov. With the amounts of aid we've sent, the amounts of refugees we've taken in and the speed we'd ended any dependence on russia, I think a large part of those EU countries constantly pointing fingers should maybe point them at themselves, for once.
Doesn't really sound like pressure to me, more like "Yeah, we'd be in but don't actually want to do anything on our own.
Yeah, same with Germany and everyone else, nobody wants to supply new types of 'heavier' or more advanced aid on their own. Germany is going the extra step though, since they don't just want other's involved, they have specifically stated that the US must be involved.
Instead of doing that. Here's a from today, that covers Germany explicitly stating that they will not allow their allies to transfer Leopards. So who was lying?
Is this your only point? The UK is not in a position to supply the heavier weapons that Germany wants, not that I'm against this. However, right now, Kyiv explictly wants tanks, the most appropriate tank for them to recieve is leopards by a college mile. Also, can you source this for me? I want a reliable source on the UK having comitted less than half of Germany's by GDP, and I hope it accounts for all of the training that both countries are doing, as well.
Your vice chancellor appears to have been full of shit, just like Germany was wishy-washy about what it would supply earlier on. Again I appreciate that Germany has sent a lot of stuff, but it's communication and lack of leadership on this issue when it comes to it's own manufactured arms is understandably infuriating.