In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Well, this is a GOP bill so they’re going to be banning the use of preferred pronouns — ie the child will have no choice in which pronoun the teacher uses.
The teacher doesn't need to use pronouns almost at all while teaching (yes, I know "you" is a pronoun). Names and "you" (singular and plural) are sufficient for addressing someone, which is done in the second person, and teachers can easily use substitute names for pronouns when referring to someone in the third person singular, or "they" for third person plural (possibly also third person singular.
But the interesting implication of this bill, assuming you're relaying the information correctly, that it would prohibit teachers from using a student's preferred gender pronouns without parental consent, is that the teacher would be prohibited from referring to Bob, a cisgender male, as "he/him" without parental consent. And likewise, prohibited from referring to Jane, a cis female, as "she/her." So the teacher would either be required to use names only, or to use non-preferred pronouns.
It also creates a fun loophole, wherein any trans or otherwise gender-nonconforming children could deliberately lie to the teacher about their preferred pronouns to force the teacher to use something else. Eg, Joe, a trans boy, could express a preference for she/her, and this law would then prohibit the teacher from using those pronouns to refer to Joe. The would then be forced to either just refer to Joe as "Joe," or to use "he/him" (Joe's true preference), or they/them, etc.
Obviously, I'd have to see the text of the bill to know for sure, but malicious compliance is likely an option.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.