“A large part of the implants recommended by the doctor … were not necessary and were prompted by fake diagnoses or by previously prescribed medication that would trigger specific symptoms,”.
The electronic pacemaker/DBS mfgs do instruct that the unit be explanted- cut out- before cremation. Otherwise the lithium battery can explode. Which realistically wouldn't likely do any damage when already bathed in flame in a sturdy retort anyways, but the pop might scare people.
Now, there was a period from mid 70's to mid 80's where pacemakers were powered with plutonium. Seriously, plutonium-238. It's a relatively short 88 year half-life of spontaneous alpha decay that is easy to shield against. The heat produced powers a thermocouple pile in a radioisotope thermoelectric generator (RTG). Only produces a tiny current, but it doesn't need much.
Like I say, they stopped making them sometime mid 80's AFAIK. It's vaguely possible someone is still walking around with one functioning 40 yrs after it was made, but very unlikely. It's only lost around 1/4 of its radioactivity by now.
The plutonium ones were essential at the time, other batteries of the era would require surgical replacement every year or so. I mean, in 1974 the most advanced battery available was probably a silver oxide hearing aid battery.
But, for a long time, there was a big worry about a mortuary unknowingly cremating someone with a plutonium battery and releasing the radioactive material. Actually, they were designed to stay intact through cremation, but still. The DoE wanted them back because otherwise people could be taking home plutonium souvenirs from work.
These implants are pretty high tech now- the thing is, is the mfg going to provide support for reimplanted users?
There's 3 big mfgs of electrical implants like the pacemaker shown. Medtronics, Abbott Labs, and Boston Scientific. At first I thought this was a picture of a Deep Brain Stimulation pulse generator, but it's actually a pacemaker- pretty much the same thing externally.
The DBS units at least require custom programming that often take awhile to get working well for that individual. That means a mfg-trained clinician with mfg-provided clinician programming software and hardware to get it running, and adjust the program periodically.
The older DBS had a nonrechargeable that lasts 3-5 yrs then needs surgery to replace, and it's not realistic to ever open the welds on the old unit, find a medical-grade aftermarket battery that fits, and safely re-weld it. But many of the new ones are rechargeable and rated for like 15 yrs of use.
It does add a whole new level to "right to repair". Someone legally recovers an old unit, maybe "donated" after death like an organ? And let's say they threw in the wireless charging paddle, which would be crucial since this stuff isn't readily available secondhand.
OK, you legally own it, but I can only imagine how approaching the mfg for the necessary support would go. It's loaded with the prior patient's program. The mfg hasn't been paid a dime so they've got less incentive to provide support for a new patient- the clinician visit is paid, but the mfg takes on a huge liability in supporting a used implant.
As a commercial/legal contracts specialist, I'd expect these issues could be managed by an agreement between the concerned parties (manufacturer, patient, healthcare provider, insurance...). The manufacturer would be compensated for the additional support and shielded from undue liability.
The client does not have enough money to buy a new implant, which is much cheaper to implement a contract for than a unique dubious attempt to waiver itself from liability which probably won't work.
I'm not sure, but I expect a mfg would run in horror in you brought in a guy with a used implant sold to someone else stitched into his chest and brain.
When I get mine, I'm going to have to study the Terms of Service carefully. I think "no secondhand sales" will be there.
It's not like they save any money either. They're probably pretty cheap to make and the mfg doesn't resell used for that reason.
Of that, certainly people end up holding onto those loose parts when a loved one dies. They might sell them, and I could use spares. Can you imagine flying somewhere on vacation and lose, break, have stolen, fall in the ocean, or just use? I could use a replacement ahead of time. I assume insurance won't pay for spares until you officially declare one lost or destroyed.