Due to the overreach on the initial layoffs, current Twitter employees are in a pretty empowered position right now. Twitter is sinking and Elon removed the majority of the bilge pumps along with most people who know how to run the boat. He needs every hand on deck and can’t afford to fire people giving 80% and telling him to fuck off from his return to the office edict. Curious to see how many return.
I used to be in Pharmacy. Then I did a research project about their markups, especially in the US I was appalled.
So if a medical center has any that are partially used, that vial that retails for hundreds is thrown out. They aren't allowed to donate them a week before either.
Medical waste is ridiculous, and definitely happens more in the US bc laws have been altered in favor of the for profit healthcare system.
Tanking 2 of his businesses, costing untold billions, alienating all the liberals in his life, having his newfound political party fumble an important election, having the government look into his ties with Russia. Being a giant laughingstock.
And the response is "No, you don't. That's not linked. That drug costs you like $0.85US to produce.".
But it's normally "Well, you Aussies get this drug for $6.80AU a unit and we then have to charge Americans $73US for it!".
Yup. Although it was more than 5 years ago. I haven't checked the more recent production numbers. But it was one of the many reasons I left pharmacy. I also learned too much about some medications and their horrifying side effects.
It costs about 15-35 cents to make a mL of insulin depending on type. It's sometimes sold for hundreds per vial. Drug companies REQUIRE open vials to be thrown out after 30 days.
Thankfully it's not all, but I encourage everyone to read about the medication before taking it. At the very least, read the info packet they provide. If they have questions, it's a federal right to ask the pharmacist for counseling.
Fun (not really) fact: countries with generics programs or price controls - like my own Australia - get whinged at constantly by American drug companies because, apparently, all you American customers are actually subsidising our medicine!
They often try to justify price gouging by claiming it covers Research and Development. It doesn't matter the drug. Even if they haven't even developed the drug.
is a great example of a different drug. They don't spend nearly as much money on R&D as they do on dividends to shareholders and cushy bonuses for employees.