Basically nothing changed and Europe and US are still buying Russian oil via India and gas via China, so all sanctions are just big BS and made for publicity and to raise the cost of living for people, great, didn’t expect anything else really.
You seriously think that have no effect on Russia ? That they were only created for publicity and to raise cost of living, to what end may I ask ? You do realise that EU cut the dependency on Russian in a single year and that dependency is gone forever ? Russian war effort is going so bad that they are reduced to targeting civilians in desperate attempt to terrorise people into submission.
Don’t get me wrong, they definitely have the effect no doubt about that, but most of revenue of Russian government is coming from exports of gas and oil so while they keep exporting it, they will have money to fund there war effort, while sanctions mostly negatively effect ordinary citizens, of whom government cares the least.
Blocking Russia, from selling it’s oil and gas around the world would be one way to end the war, but since Europe is really dependent on it, war will continue, unfortunately.
Europe has cut the dependency already and "the west" cannot dictate what the rest of the world does. A cap was already introduced so Russians unlikely are getting anything above that. Given that transportation, insurance, maintenance of the production infrastructure with blackmarket parts due to sanctions its likely their revenues are taking a big hit. Many western companies have left Russia as have many young professionals who had the ability to do so leaving Russian economy in a really unstable situation. Russia will likely soon have to resort to additional mobilisation and harnessing industries to keep the war going so it really does not look good even if they have lots of resources.
The sanctions would not be effective at all if they only targeted Russian government and officials. That is why they have to impact whole Russian population, the sooner they realise it has impact on each and everyone the sooner the war will be over.
While there is cost also for rest of the world the alternative is much more expensive. In reality the cost is cheap, just money, Ukraine is paying the real price in blood.