No, you're not getting it. Read the comment I'm replying to again. Better to get it on your own than have it explained to you. But if you insist.
And just to be clear, I'm not a sociopath. I just play one online. The indiscriminate bombing of a civilian building, even if there were a few military troops inside, is an atrocity and whoever is responsible should be brought to justice.
in Russian society it's simply consensus reality that there are neo-Nazi irregular troops in Ukraine, who have been bombing civilians for years, and they're getting their weapons from NATO (now indirectly, since Congress banned sale of weapons to them). How much NATO condones or even orders those attacks is up for debate, but yes, a Russian would totally agree that if you let terrorists have missiles they will bomb civilians. Depending on how truthful it is (I doubt it's 100% lies, there's people with family members in Donetsk).
Now I will get downvoted to hell for accurately explaining the Russian perspective, not even agreeing with it (who the fuck knows the truth of what's happening on the ground on the other side of the globe there when it's filtered through many layers of propaganda).
Reading the headline brought about thoughts of Russian troops attacking buildings with blunt weapons, which honestly isn't that far from reality after reading about how badly equipped they are.
You'd think all the claims Ukraine made about destroying most of the Russian artillery would mean there'd be a lot less destruction in Ukrainian cities but maybe Ukraine was just saying those things to boost their soldiers' morale.
I always enjoy the vague wording of war propaganda. Russian troops (not artillery or missiles) attacked a building ... and also 8 floors were destroyed. Makes an implicit accusation without stating it, while leaving the question of who found out they were there and destroyed the building up to the careful reader.
Yes, the war propaganda of today is as transparently cringeworthy as the whole 'slap a Jap' from WWII. And you're just as outcast if you don't clap along. I'm trusted well enough that I can say the occasional "You do know that the West has its own propaganda filter, right? At least Russia is physically close to Ukraine so some people have seen it directly." I've seen it from both sides and the tolerance for dissent is pretty much the same as in Russia (though there you might get criminal charges rather than downvotes, so meh).