In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
If milquetoast liberals don’t want to protect vulnerable minorities, they should at the very least let us protect ourselves without tying our hands behind our backs.
If you want to cite me the studies that show that magazine bans have any effect on mass shootings, I’d be more than happy to believe that. But, as it stands, no such data exists. Magazine swaps take me, a beginner shooter, 2.6 seconds to complete (last time I did magswap drills at the range.) Trying to limit magazine capacity is NOT going to lower body counts.
Magazine capacity bans are nothing but political theater. Stopping mass shootings HAS to come down to stopping the spread of fascism, which continues to inspire the vast majority of mass shooting attacks.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I hate this framing. The magazine capacity limitations were an afterthought of this bill. The REAL danger in it is allowing Oregon’s notoriously racist state police force to have complete control over who is issued the required gun licenses with no oversight or authority to keep them in check.
When the Gestapo drags me and all of my trans sisters to the gulag, I’ll be sure to mention that one time my opinion was close to an NRA talking point. I’m sure that’ll get me off the hook.
They absolutely can, but the process needs to be put in place for it. The processes and systems for the approved training, the database for those permits, and the systems for accessing them. It isn't a magic flip a switch and it's on place. It will take a few months, probably six to twelve to get into place. It also will cost a few million probably. In the mean time, without the judge putting it on hold gun sales are banned on Oregon.
Let's be real: this judge is from a county that's 10,000 square miles (larger than 6 US states) and holds 7500 people and 2 'cities' (the largest one being 3000 people). It's practically empty. If you fire off a gun with a high-capacity magazine out there you're just going to hit a bunch of cows and trees.
But the law right now is completly unconstitutional as written. It is essentially a full ban on gun sales. All firearm sales need a permit, but there was no provision for time to set that up, or a budget for it. We need him control, but this law was possibly the worst execution of it. It is so bad I was thinking someone on the far right wrote it knowing it wouldn't pass, and if it did the court would stop it. But they did something for gun control.
Registration when permits are available isn't a ban at all. There are no permits that is the difference. Without the judge putting it on hold this is a ban of all gun sales until there is a process. That is the problem. That is what breaks it completely.