In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Also keep in mind that conservatives on the Supreme Court ruled that gerrymandering isn't a problem for the federal courts, and they might rule this summer that no court can hear re-districting issues.
I feel like the "correct" way to do it is a complete restructuring of the Supreme court, which doesn't require an amendment. Very little of the structure of the court is set up in the constitution, most of it is given to congress to decide.
So they could, for example, combine the federal courts and the supreme court, and make any "supreme court" case simply be heard by a random panel of federal judges. Technically it's still lifetime appointments, but it dilutes the power of any individual justice to the point where it doesn't really matter.
Or they could come at it from the other direction and strip the court of power. The constitution gives the supreme court actually a very narrow range of cases they must be allowed to rule on. And then continues:
Obviously neither option is going to be taken by the current congress. And even the previous one, it would have required the agreement of every Democrat in the senate, and several Democrats (and every single Republican) like what the supreme court is doing and so are not going to act to fix it.
So just... pass a law removing appellate jurisdiction entirely. That's explicitly within congress's power.
The biggest problem with the SCOTUS is actually finding judges who are truly law upholding based on constitutionality and not their personal ideals. Judging based on the flow of the country and their people as well, not appointed by a partisan congress for partisan reasons.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
That honestly would be a decent idea, but how to determine who rotates up and down? 5 year rotation would help if it's appointment to get around the election wave, but that also opens up the floodgate of highly partisan appointments based on the administration and makes it a further clown show than it currently is.
I'm still blown away that Roe v Wade was overturned after 50 years of precident and long term planning by Christian nationalist agenda.