I mean cool, but clearly with what you quoted here, this is temporary due to increased rains. We need a more sustainable source. Having more wind or solar farms are necessary to make meaningful gains against non renewables. Hopefully, there will be some large investments in those as well as nuclear energy to remove Russia and oil from their positions of power.
I saw something the other day that it is now cheaper in the US to build new wind and solar (with the gridscale batteries needed to grid balance) than it is to keep operating existing coal plants.
building coal (or gas) power plants takes even longer. though the thing that takes longest is nuclear (and is hardest to get companies to build because it takes decades for them to pay themselves back).
That is true, but that doesn’t take into account the amount of time it would take to transition. Building wind and solar takes a lot of time. Hopefully we see a transition in investments, but I am doubtful with how much of a hold oil/gas companies have on so many people.
wind and solar installations also create a larger number of long lasting decent paying jobs over a larger geographically distributed area.
True, but the statement before is that operating the existing plants costs more than solar and wind investment. Also US just approved plans for small modular nuclear plants that may take less investment and time. Looking forward to the developments forthcoming in the nuclear field.
Those SMRs aren't even expected to come online before the end of the decade. We can't really consider SMRs to be viable competitors to solar and wind before they're even on the market, or even putting energy onto the grid yet. It certainly wouldn't be wise to forego solar and wind investment now on the assumption that SMRs will succeed at some point in the future.
...so if the future is nuclear then you must supply iran otherwise how can you justify not to as energy is needed everywhere - just take the chance and hope for the best ?
I think you are well aware of the difference between nuclear warheads and the process of obtaining power from nuclear material. If not, please go educate yourself. They aren’t trying to figure out how to make power, they are trying to make themselves a world power with nuclear arms. The government has proven that they can’t even be trusted with the well being of their population, let alone the population of a country that isn’t their own.
Wind farms would be especially great at making power if we put them on mountains, the same ones coal farms are stripping, but then you have to connect the power source, and they have to be maintained. These are all part of the logistics of getting a green energy grid. Nuclear energy may still be a ways off from building new plants, but also offer a way to produce power in areas that aren’t great for either solar or wind. It’s important to remember that power traveling through a line loses energy, so the power generation would have to happen across the US.
Wind farms and solar farms are still not making enough energy to completely replace oil. Even if we built massive ones, it would require so much material, planning, maintenance, and land. Sure putting one up would be great, but environmental factors like bird flight patterns need to be considered for wind, and a solar farm that requires mutilating the land are also issues to consider.
Yes, building anything requires material and planning and maintenance. Land use is complicated, since solar and wind can coexist on the same land. Solar can coexist with agriculture via agrivoltaics. Solar can go on rooftops, over canals, etc. Wind turbines can coexist with agriculture, or be placed offshore.
Well no, that's why we keep building them out. And they also can't replace oil, since they produce electricity and most oil goes to transport. Nuclear plants, even SMRs, also can't replace the oil used in transport. Meaning, the bulk of oil being used around the world. But I'd disagree with the notion that renewables aren't yet displacing fossil fuels. They just aren't displacing all fossil fuels. The world is already getting a higher percentage of primary energy from renewables than it ever has from nuclear.
As can green ammonia, for which production is already starting to be deployed. Sure, if one day SMRs are deployed and are economical and we have a supply chain that isn't linked to Russia, I'll consider them viable options. They aren't there yet.
I think you are losing sight of the original comment here. I’m not arguing that progress has been made and will continue to be made. I’m just saying this is nothing for the war efforts. They will save some gas and oil, but the fact remains that the high amounts of rain is temporary. I’m excited for a world of green energy, and know there are so many ways that we can improve wasted energy collection. But this massive decrease in oil reliance is due to a natural phenomenon, not a constant. Solar is far from being our savior currently, very low efficiency, but every month there is another breakthrough is solar technology, years away from production ready. Wind farms are great at generating power, but rely on the proper land and conditions and can cause damages to ecosystems if not done properly.
It's important to remember that HVDC losses are very low. It's also important to remember that there are other options, such as green ammonia that can be burned in existing turbines.
My point here is that we need to make some meaningful investments and actions (legislation, education, etc.) to get green energy going. You brought up good points about the green ammonia, which I find really neat, but I still feel that we just are not meeting the mark to put that middle finger up to gas/oil. Also for transportation we are seeing more electrically powered vehicles and an infrastructure that supports them being built. It’s not being done fast enough, but that’s where we are. To get that middle finger, we could be doing so much more.
You have no argument. You are just spewing out information without purpose. Yes every country in the world has been moving toward green energy. Congratulations 🎉🎊🎉 You solved the energy crisis and global warming.
Portugal was already trending towards ever-higher percentages of their electricity coming from renewables. I think everyone is basically aware that we can't move completely off fossil fuels now. The point is the trend, and milestones are important points along that trend. This milestone is only possible because of that earlier investment, and that longer ongoing trend.
The point is that we aren’t there yet. Renewables will take at least a decade before the share is large enough on a regular basis at the rate that we are going. SMRs are probably also a decade out and we still do not ah e anything in place to make up for all the power generation that happens across the US.
Solar is cool because it can go anywhere. Cons: the cells die, the efficiency is low, and they require cleanings to maintain peak performance. Oh yeah, they also only are great in areas that get a lot of sun.
Wind is cool because it can generate a lot of power. Cons: requires a lot of land, planning, and the maintenance costs can be high (specialized work).
This isn’t a one angle solution. We have to come at the energy crisis as the complex issue that it is. There are many factors that need to be looked at and including nuclear may help to make the full transition when these systems can be better made.
Hydro is cool because we have naturally occurring energy thanks to rainfall on higher land creating streams and the natural pull of the moon. Cons: water is destructive, the maintenance on these types of machines are huge, must be water tight, and if in the ocean, salt and other wild life can damage it.
Like I said, you don’t really have an argument, just picking at words or short phrases and trying to find something that is an alternative to what I said. We both want renewables and to be done with oil and LNG. In an ideal situation, we carbon capture to produce the oil or gas we need and store the excess to get our atmosphere back to the way it was before the 1800s.
It’s temporary in 2 ways, we proceed with better sources of energy, or we run out. I would much rather go with the former. Meaningful change can only happen if it is backed at all levels.
France is one country, and we don't have a time machine. That one country scaled nuclear decades ago doesn't mean Portugal has, or will. France now is increasing renewables much faster than they are new nuclear. Whether you look at just the last decade, just this century, or for the last thirty years. New generation is vastly more likely to come from renewables than from nuclear, even in France.
Fossil fuel is a terror state energy source globally, so any support of fossil fuels are supporting the economy of terror states and you should know this.
90 % of oil and gas is owned by terror states mainly saudi arabia, russia, qatar, iran and venezuela.