1) Negotiations for large scale conflicts like this where there is no clear winner (Russia still controls significant territory) can often take many months or even years to resolve.
2) In regards to the point above roughly 80% of the population of Russia and Ukraine do not want to negotiate. Politicians have very little incentive to negotiate in good faith when they know their wider population does not want them to and may react harshly if a “bad” deal is signed.
4) Any ceasefire that allows Russia to keep the territory it has in Zaporizhia will make the above scenario much more appealing for Russia.
3) Russia will use any ceasefire to rearm and rebuild their army. Then they will invade again years down the road, see Chechnya for details.
5) The United States will have significant influence over Ukraine but ultimately they cannot force Ukraine to adopt an agreement. They do not have as much influence as social media “influencers” think they do.
Source: Read “How Wars End” by Gideon Rose if you want to understand how hard it this to end wars between peer nations.
Nice reading a good take for once and not something that's blatantly one sided. History paints a pretty daunting picture for anyone who has any experience dealing with the current Russian regime. Which is the exact same regime that was running the show during both Chechen conflicts in which you pointed out.
It's just not often you see people taking a step back and fully taking in and accepting the realities of the situation. Militarily or politically and historically. No matter the side they're rooting for.
I don't disagree at all. But what I'm talking about is people's disconnect on the realities of certain things. People seem to think Ukraine is absolutely shit stomping Russia and not taking losses in the process. While that's partially true, they have done an absolutely monumental job so far, no one knows the severity of loss the Ukrainian military has suffered in the process. And sadly it's probably pretty high with the amount of artillery, mines and missiles that have been dumped into that country.
Warographics on YouTube recently put out a good video about what this war means for the future of not only Russia, but the entire eastern european region itself. The region is already a tinderbox waiting to blow, and one of the few things holding that together was a fear of Russia.
Now that Russia has been revealed to be much more vulnerable than previously assumed, and not willing to uphold their end of article 4 of CSTO (their version of NATO), it's started a bit of a chain reaction among Russia's neighbors , and we've seen some spark ups with previously cold conflicts.
In the worst case scenario for this region, if Russia were to lose control and even collapse completely it could lead to instability that could lead to future wars that will effect the region for generations to come.
Edit: originally, and incorrectly made references to the Balkan region is reference to the CSTO. Adjusted language.