Yeah fuck that, if I was in my right mind I’d surrender as soon as I got the opportunity then spill my guts. “Those motherfuckers abducted me from rehab, threw a rifle and some ammunition at me then forced me to the front. I don’t wanna kill my countrymen, honestly, I just wanna get fucked up on Quaaludes and walk around town with no pants.”.
I can’t help but feel that if I were a homeless alcoholic forced to fight my own people, the moment I had the chance I’d kill the highest ranking “friendly” pos I could get in my sights.
This war between Ukraine and Russia isn't some kind of fantasy novel or game where a random soldier can just go and kill the highest ranking officer.
I’m telling you that’s precisely what I wouldn’t do (especially if those commanders were from an invading army).
And it wouldn’t necessarily have to be a high ranking person, anyone who genuinely wants to destroy my country would suffice.
They could just be sent out with a shovel and told to dig a trench until you get shot at, either by Ukrainians thinking you're digging Russian trenches or by Russians thinking you're not digging Russian trenches fast enough.
What I hear is they get a somewhat operable AKM (as in you pull the trigger and it shoots) with 60 rounds (3 magazines) and a couple frags. It’s basically a Call of Duty loadout, if you survive the initial assault they throw you in then you better start scavenging ammo off KIA’s.
I mean if you were to surrender and speak perfect Ukrainian, accent and all, they might believe you. Especially if you have family, friends and neighbors to back your story up.
You are right. Self preservation is extremely hard to ignore. In their situation you’re probably going to do whatever it takes to survive. Follow orders so you don’t get shot, then do what you’re told but take advantage of any opportunity to get the fuck out, by either surrendering or deserting.
Like, if I’m a homeless alcoholic, I’m still going to be enraged by an invading force killing my countrymen.
Or b) wait for the right moment to cause as much destruction to my oppressor with the weapons they gave me as possible (and probably die from the fallout).