Curiously, Bolsonaro was in a hospital today. After having his assets blocked, he left the hospital "against medical advice".
Hey, can someone explain to me why Bolsonaro is in trouble for the people storming the capital? Like, Donald Trump directed a crowd to the senate so it's obvious, but Bolsonaro was eating KFC in Florida.
Several of Bolsonaro's allies visited the USA shortly before or during his stay there, which indicates that he probably didn't just go there for some time off and was very likely conspiring with them. One of these allies was no one else other than the (now ex) secretary of public security of Brazil's federal district, which had direct responsability in keeping things safe, but he was spotted visiting Bolsonaro on the eve of the attacks to Brazil's congress and he gave last minute orders to the local police that facilitated the invasion. It's extremely obvious that Bolsonaro went to the USA with the intent of creating a headquarter where he could orchestrate these attacks while being away from Brazil's jurisdiction while he prepares his plan B move, which is to seek Italian citizenship so he can escape extradition in case an arrest warrant is issued for him.
Bolsonaro also refused to acknoledge Lula as a winner, tried to postpone elections, said that people need to arm themselves to dfend their freedom in case "elections aren't fair". He said things in between the lines for years.
Bolsonaro didn't need to call people into action on Jan 8th directly. He has been poisoning his followers with fake news about the elections being fraudulent (before the elections ever happened), asking people to arm themselves in case Lula wins, and much more. He fed those peoples lies for months before last weekend.
Wouldn't we have heard of something triggering these people to go riot? I feel getting this many people to do anything would need a call to arms to set off.
That makes a lot more sense to me. I was so confused about why they are charging an ex-leader when said person didn't "do" anything specificly to kick off the riots thousands of miles away.
How would you know he did if no call to action exists? Him revving them up is far more easy to digest then to think he planned for a bunch of dumb asses to storm their senate when they were out on recess.
Not directly related to this attack, but many years ago he said in an interview that "democracy doesn't work, the only way this country will move forward is if we start a civil war and kill some 30 thousand people".
There is also video that has some clips of his controversial statements during that interview, which include things like:
\- "You'll never change anything by voting! You'll only change things the day we start a civil war and do what the military regime didn't do, killing some 30 thousand people, starting by (then president) FHC. If some innocent people are going to die that's fine, innocents die in any war".