In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Even Amy saying “glad to hear some noise that aren’t protestors outside my house,” referring to the applause she got and talking about her help to overturn Toe V Wade after (I believe?) stating it was already precedent during her hearings.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Yea that’s incredibly fucked up. It’s blatantly showing the politicization of the highest court in the land, that’s expressly supposed to be non political/partisan. They’re rubbing our noses in it.
Lol. I chuckled at the joke - hope it isn’t a paid post. It’s the equivalent of “I can’t believe it’s not butter” after people say “I can’t believe blank”.
They chose their words deliberately without having to mention how they actually stand on the act of overturning precedence.
Even a few decades ago, there would be senators on both sides of the aisle that would approve of the opposing party’s nominee, not anymore. I blame this solely on the Republican Party, and I will die on that hill. Their pure pursuit of power has been proven somewhat effective but does absolutely nothing for their constituents, and they do not care. Just keep blaming “the other” for their woes and do nothing to help them, except corporate donors of course.
That’s part of the issue. USSC nominees were supposed to be bipartisan for their nomination by a majority vote, but the polarization has become so ridiculous over the past few decades that of course favors will be made behind closed doors. McConnell saying a judge can’t be nominated during an election year, then doing it is just one example. Also, the original comment I replied to was in regards to the Federalist Society. They fucking groom their picks. “I’ll get you a seat but you have to dissent whenever we want you to.” It’s all transactional and fucked up. Even Obama caved a bit with his nomination of Garland, a moderate conservative by today’s standards, and was shut down just because a president with a “D” nominated him.