In a lot of ways, he's pretty fucked. If he backs out of the war, he's as good as dead, if he escalates to nuclear weapons, he loses China and India and probably sees NATO intervene. And his forces seem to be losing or holding in conventional conflicts, but he has an extreme faction at home that won't tolerate that and wants escalation or someone who will escalate. He's basically spinning a bunch of plates and hoping nothing goes wrong.
So in that regard, this shit talking is probably for his domestic base so that he looks tough and in charge, despite the reality stated above.
He went into this because he absolutely needed to win in order for his regime to continue anyways. Russia’s entire society has been on the precipice of collapse, Vlad has managed to destroy pretty much all industry in Russia and bilk its populous dry. It’s already cashed in on or used up its major natural resources.
Super risky, but he tested the waters in Crimea first and no one came to Ukraines defense. The house of cards was coming down either way. A last stand if you will.
“We haven’t gone mad. We are fully aware of what nuclear weapons are,” Putin said. “We have them, and they are more advanced and state-of-the-art than what any other nuclear power have.”.
Now, I’m not saying those were actually his only options… but he’d backed himself into a corner and his megalomania and ego wouldn’t let him back down.
Imo, in Vlads eyes his options were annex the resource-rich territories of Ukraine to keep his country afloat or let the carcass of the Russian Federation come collapsing down and be exposed in the history books as a massive failure.
KYIV, Ukraine — Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday hailed the annexation of Ukrainian territories as a major achievement and said his country’s nuclear weapons serve as a deterrent in the war the Kremlin calls a “special military operation.”.
Speaking with members of the presidential Human Rights Council, Putin described the land gains in Ukraine as “a significant result for Russia,” noting that the “Sea of Azov has become Russia’s internal sea.” He added that “Peter the Great fought to get access to the Sea of Azov.”.
Russia seized broad swaths of southern Ukraine in the opening days of its invasion of Ukraine and captured the key Sea of Azov port of Mariupol in May after a nearly three-month siege. In late September, Putin illegally annexed four regions of Ukraine: Kherson and Zaporizhzhia in the south, and Donetsk and Luhansk in the east.
Asked by a member of the Human Rights Council to pledge that Russia would not be the first to use nuclear weapons, Putin demurred, saying Russia would not be able to use nuclear weapons at all if it agreed not to use them first and then came under a nuclear strike.
“If it doesn’t use it first under any circumstances, it means that it won’t be the second to use it either, because the possibility of using it in case of a nuclear strike on our territory will be sharply limited,” Putin said.
Putin, who has repeatedly said that Russia was ready to use “all available means” to protect its territory, including the annexed areas of Ukraine, rejected Western criticism that those statements amounted to nuclear saber-rattling.
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a ceremony to sign the treaties for four regions of Ukraine to join Russia in the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, Friday, Sept. 30, 2022. The signing of the treaties making the four regions part of Russia follows the completion of the Kremlin-orchestrated "referendums." (Grigory Sysoyev, Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP).
The Russian leader said reminders of his country’s nuclear arsenal were “not a factor provoking an escalation of conflicts, but a factor of deterrence.”.
His claim more than two months ago that the annexed regions belonged to Russia came after the Russian military lost ground to a Ukrainian counteroffensive and followed hastily staged “referendums” that were rejected by Ukraine and its Western allies as a sham.
In his televised remarks Wednesday, the Russian leader didn’t address the setbacks or Moscow’s stalled offensive to cement control over the seized regions.
FILE - Local residents gather near a generator to charge their mobile devices in an area controlled by Russian-backed separatist forces in Mariupol, Ukraine, Friday, April 22, 2022. When Russian forces two months ago launched a military campaign against infrastructure in Ukraine, it opened an urgent second front far from the contact line: Along power lines, water mains, and heating systems, and in places like homes, schools, offices and churches. (AP Photo/Alexei Alexandrov, File).
In Russia’s Kursk region, the governor posted photographs of new concrete antitank barriers — known as “dragon’s teeth” — being set up in open fields. Antitank barriers also were being expanded in the neighboring Russian region of Belgorod, while officials said local “self-defense units” were being organized.
Last month, Russian troops withdrew from a large part of the Kherson region, including the regional capital, and Ukrainian forces reclaimed the area on the west bank of the Dnieper River. In response to recent attacks that struck air bases deep inside Russia, Russian officials are working to strenhen defensive positions near the country’s border with Ukraine.
Two strategic Russian air bases more than 300 miles from the Ukraine border were struck Monday in drone attacks. Moscow blamed Ukraine for the strikes, and said modified Soviet-era reconnaissance drones were used to deliver the explosives.
Shyroke, Ukraine-Nov. 15, 2022-Members of a Ukrainian Army tank platoon get warm by a fire beside a bus stop riddled with bullet holes. The platoon had been ordered away from the frontline for rest, when one of their tanks hit a mine and was blown off the road near the village of village of Shyroke. Fortunately no one was killed or injured in the incident. The nearby village of Shyroke was liberated about a week ago from Russian occupation. (Carolyn Cole / Los Angeles Times).
That’s what a lot of people said about WW1. The problem is if everyone keeps talking big and threatening one side eventually has to back down and look weak. Otherwise you have to get involved in something you never imagined.
“In the current conditions, it makes no sense to talk about any additional mobilization efforts,” he said. “There is no need for the Defense Ministry and the country to do that.”.
During the long meeting with the Russian Human Rights Council, Putin discussed the mobilization of 300,000 reservists that he ordered in September to beef up troops fighting in Ukraine. Putin said that so far only about 150,000 of them have been deployed to combat zones and the rest were still undergoing training elsewhere.
Moscow responded to the base attacks by unleashing a wave of strikes on Ukrainian territory, using artillery, multiple rocket launchers, missiles, tanks and mortars to fire at residential buildings and civilian infrastructure, compounding damage already done to the power supply network.
Private Ukrainian power utility Ukrenergo said temperatures in eastern areas where it was carrying out emergency repairs had dropped to as low as zero.
Defending the power grid has emerged as a major factor of the nine-month war in Ukraine as Russia responds to losses in territory captured in the east with infrastructure attacks.
FILE - Russian President Vladimir Putin shakes hands with a soldier as he visits a military training centre of the Western Military District for mobilised reservists as Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, center, smiles in Ryazan Region, Russia, Thursday, Oct. 20, 2022. The mobilized reservists that Russian President Vladimir Putin visited last week at a firing range southeast of Moscow looked picture-perfect. (Mikhail Klimentyev, Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP, File).
Addressing media reports that the Kremlin could be preparing another mobilization drive, Putin denied having such plans.
Putin vowed that Russia would press toward its goals in Ukraine, that “we will consistently fight for our interests. ... We will protect ourselves using all means available,” he said.