In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
looking at those newsweek comments, its emblematic of how literally everything becomes a debate these days and people come crawling out of the woodwork with their opinions. its like all of these issues have absolutely zero impact on their lives, but suddenly they are all mental health experts, sociologists, endocrinologists, child development experts, etc. etc. and the NEED laws to support the first opinion they have.
Do you know what guns and how many they had? Only thing I can find are some had concealed handguns, which are personal defense weapons, not something you'd call "heavily armed".
Except that capital invasion was heavily armed with actual guns, actively threatened elected officials, and was widely supported by right wingers.
it seems to never occur to them that maybe they should just shrug, keep their opinion to themselves, and move on with their lives as these topics will never alter their existence in meaningful way, but their blind hatred and anger will mean life or death changes for others.
and with trans topics, they keep harping on the 'mental disorder' line and saying shit like 'they just need professional help to treat their disorder' and then its like 'transitioning is the treatment' and back to 'not like that'.
they dont give a fuck about anyone different, they couch their hatred in a context of pretending to care about their wellbeing but really they want them to all just fuck off, out of sight, out of mind. its exhausting how much energy they force everyone to expend arguing on shit like this when they should be holding their reps accountable for real life solutions to real life problems instead of culture war horseshit. fucking lowlife pricks.
Sorry, I was referring to Jan 6th. Not familiar with the Michigan incident at all; tbh I'm not American.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.