Holocaust denial is a central element in many of the more aggressive antisemitic conspiracy groups. They say its existence is proof of their globalist agenda.
They actually travel around to former extermination camps and say “Look There’s a sign that says this was an extermination camp, and this very spot is where a gas chamber once stood. But why would you tear down the building when it held so much historical significance? You would want to leave it in place as a reminder of what happened. But there was never anything here, because nothing happened. They can put up all the fake pictures they want, but the truth is right here. There’s nothing”.
It’s all based on extremely poor logic and magical thinking. But it works really well for people who are searching for a way to justify their preexisting hatred.
At Belsen, where Anne and Margot Frank died, the British had to burn down the wooden huts because there was an outbreak of typhus and that was the only way to kill all the lice.
Back when I was in college, a prominent Holocaust denier was going around trying to get his filth in college newspapers. My school's newspaper actually published it.
I went to confront the editor in chief as to why he did this and he claimed "I'm just trying to tell both sides of the story." As if there was a legitimate other side to "the Holocaust happened." There isn't. It happened - end of story.
Well and that's the rub between a journalist and a gossip. The former should be able to present two ideas to you in a manner that's obvious with the facts to which one isn't true. The latter just regurgitates for your entertainment.
The “just asking questions” thing was really popular with Nazis and Fascists. The idea as they used is to let your audience answer the questions for you. They don’t need to vocalize it, just answer it in their head. Later, the speaker supplies the answer, and the audience feels like they have an intellectual connection with the speaker. Because people tend to determine intelligence by how much someone agrees with them, the speaker has instantly become a smart person too.
Ideas by themselves shouldn't be scary, but if the people presenting them give them away without consideration, or worse, maliciously, then you have a problem.
A certain modern political celebrity uses the same tactic. He can say the dumbest shit imaginable, and his followers think he’s the smartest guy in the world. Because he’s walked them into that conclusion.
I seriously wanted to ask him if he'd publish an article claiming that slavery never happened just to "tell both sides of the story." I was too angry at that point to think straight though.
I meant I'd like to ask the newspaper editor. He didn't seem antisemitic nor do I think he believed the Holocaust denier stuff. His big problem was that he seemed to think that he had to give equal time to anyone who came in with any theory.
You think that the Holocaust never happened due to a gross and willful ignorance of the facts? Got to give that EXACTLY the same amount of time as someone who knows their actual history facts!
To this day, I wonder if he'd have published a "there never was any slavery" article just because one person wanted to spread that "side of the story.".
This is, I shit you not, what the deniers say. That’s actually the sauna and heating system from the Solahütte that was moved there for the “Auschwitz production” propaganda museum. The pictures after the liberation were all staged. The globalist control over the Allied Powers was absolute. No expense or resources were spared to make their falsehoods seem real.
Reason and logic have no value to the denier camp. There is no bottom to their nonsense. It would be funny, if they didn’t want to kill people about it.
Sadly, I've met antisemites who are proud of the Holocaust. In high school, a kid - knowing that I'm Jewish - told me how much he worshipped Hitler. Then, he said "the only thing Hitler did wrong was not finishing the job.".
(And, no, the kid wasn't being "edgy" or "trying to troll me." It was quite widely known that he was a Nazi wannabe.).
If my friend hadn't held me back, I completely would have. It would have been worth the trip to the principal's office. (And given my squeaky clean record, I likely wouldn't have gotten in much trouble once I explained what he had said.).
Indeed, but the Nazis also hanged themselves with their own paper trail. The British first became aware of the "Holocaust by bullets" i.e. the Einsatzgruppen-led mass shootings in 1941-42, because the units were sending back the reports via Enigma machines:
Solahütte was the auxiliary resort facility used by the Nazis and attached administratively to Auschwitz although located about 30km from the main camp.
They're trying to rewrite history to absolve the Nazis of any criminal activity and blame the Jews for "inventing the Holocaust" in order to get sympathy.