This is unfortunately mostly symbolic. Ukraine probably needs some 200-500 tanks to actually make a meaningful difference, the UK doesn't even have that many total let alone to spare.
However Symbolism is important once the UK gives Ukraine tanks and Russia (surprise surprise) does fuck all about it, others will follow.
Ukraine's head general said 300 main battle tanks (and 700 IFVs) would be realistic to return to pre invasion lines. NATO has collectively thousands of both in storage that will likely end up being scrapped, so it's mostly a matter of having political will and some training.
They need Leopard 2s, they are the only vehicle that's good enough, that's nearby, already in europe, can be parted with by their owners, and have enough of them to make a difference.
It's going to be a lot easier to get Leopard 2s to Ukraine, than Abrams. The Leopards are already nearby.
This is partly true. Those are valuable assets, however this kind of fails to see the point of western tanks for Ukraine.
It's been a year and Ukraine has more Armored vehicles than it started with, They captured a staggering amount of fully intact T-80s, T-90s and T-72s in the Kharkiv counter-offensive. and many of those tanks arent even going to come into play for months. they have to repair and refit them.
Ukraine’s been effectively at war since 2014. Many people forget how experienced the regular elements of the Ukrainian military are.
One of the primary reasons that the US and allies beat the ever living shit out of Iraq in the Gulf War back in the early 90s was because US armored vehicles were by and large equipped with more modern sensor and communications packages. This is still true today, at the moment both Ukraine and Russia lack modern sensor packages on most of their tanks. See first, shoot first, kill first.
So if the Ukrainians attempt to open a new Salient and break through somewhere it is a peer to peer conflict that comes exclusively down to terrain and tactics. If the Ukrainians can get a meaningful force of western armor together they can begin to break through even when terrain, tactics and numbers favor the Russians. It opens up options. Once they break through, all those captured Russian assets and existing stocks of T-64s become very useful.
Another area that western tanks simply outclass Soviet tanks is in mobility. Even the most modern Russian tanks can only go 4-10KPH in reverse. Most western tanks can go 30-60hph in reverse. When keeping your heavily armored front towards the threat is important this is a surprisingly useful thing to have.
Errr… No… Don’t spout Russian propaganda BS. Besides, the UK has been openly training large numbers of Ukraine’s military personnel since Russia’s first invasion in 2014. I’m sure they’ve probably already trained crew if they are immediately shipping….
Plus, their tank commanders will almost certainly have been trained and probably in or around CR2’s. The Ukrainian forces are extremely professional and so far appear to have picked up all the new tech and systems sent to them rapidly.
They are specifically ensuring there is no direct conflict, as the consequences would be far wider than Ukraine.
Hence, no one is going to put British servicemen into a tank which is not even the current generation (the British Army’s CR2’s are being updated to Challenger 3.