1) If China support Russia--well, possible sanctions, possible nothing. West opinion of China will not improve.
2) If China support Ukraine-- No additional benefits, hostile Russia on their northern border, western opinion will not improve--and certainly wouldn't help get Taiwan back. if Russia collapses/fall into a western controlled puppet (Yeltsin II), it wouldn't help China either.
So basically geopolitics dictate China to sit on the fence. No matter who wins in this war, it is unlikely they can cut China out from the future.
China also undermines their own geopolitical position if they support Russia too strongly. It tarnishes their legitimacy if they don't support territorial integrity and opens the door for more nations to support Taiwanese independence.
Taiwan is always considered part of China from China point of view. In their eyes, you can support other countries territorial integrity and demand eventual reunification of Taiwan.
But lets face it, it is not like China (and everybody else) took on Americans when they stormed Iraq or when Russians charged Georgia. Talk is cheap.
You’re right that it won’t make a difference though. No one in East Asia really trusts China anyway aside from maybe Singapore, so no one expects them to have consistency in their policies.
Most of Taiwan's western allies will not change their mind of China-Taiwan issue, nor will China. Whatever happen in Ukraine is irrevlant.
Supporting Russia is saying territorial integrity is not important because they have invaded and annexed parts of a neighbor multiple times. China’s justification for its Taiwan policy is territorial integrity.
The point I was making was that it would be paradoxical for them to not support Ukrainian territorial integrity because of their situation with Taiwan. Was I not clear enough, should I edit my comment? You're not the first person who's tried to explain the situation with Crimea vs Taiwan to me, even though I was already referencing that in my comment.
Taiwan was taken by Japan after the first Sino-Japanese war in 1895, where China (the Qing Empire) was defeated.
The CPC sees itself as the rightful successor of the Qing Empire, having reunified the mainland after a long era of warlordism and internal struggle. Taiwan was given back to China (the RoC at that moment) in 1945, while they retreated to Taiwan island shortly after, before the PRC was officially established. Taiwan would most likely have been reunified already if it wasn't given foreign support/foreign interference.
The reality is that who Taiwan's belong to is a source of infinite discussion depending on the point of view, because unfinished civil wars have no black and white answer but are nuanced and complex balls of gigantic mess.
As a side note, it's very likely Ukraine will take advantage of Chinese help for reconstruction. They don't have to be tied solely to the West for what's going to be a long, costly rebuild of their country.
That's a fair question to bring up. China can always try to support the stance that they consider all of Ukraine to be the sovereign territory of Russia as the inheritor of the USSR, an argument that wouldn't necessarily conflict with their One China policy, but it will still further damage their already damaged international standing. The countries China doesn't want recognising Taiwan are the same countries who refuse to recognise Russian annexation of Ukrainian territory or breakaway republics. Which is presumably why China has so far not recognised any changes in Ukrainian territory.