"The condom machine at the Love's truck stop south of Des Moines is the best stocked of all the Love's truck stops in the world... maybe the 2nd best condom machine in the whole state of Iowa" -according to highest paid truck stop prostitute in Iowa.
When you're eating fine dining and elaborate meals all over the place, sometimes you just want the comfort of familiar junk food. And for all it's faults and local options, McDonald's does try to have consistent-quality standard menu items everywhere.
I once spent a week in the UK and most of their food sucks. Just terrible rubbish. Indian food was pretty good there. And bangers and mash are alright if the gravy is good. Their breakfast is good too but if you let yourself eat the beans for breakfast you'll be farting all day. The rest of their food sucks tho. Very bland and basic. And if britishers hate American food so much why do you have so many fucking McDonalds and burger kings and kfc's? And all those places were jumping and the local restaurants I went to we were the only people there.
Oh for sure. McDonalds is home, and the bathrooms are always clean. I don't know exactly what a Filet of Fish sandwich is exactly but I have to eat one every 3 months or so.
Antibiotic beef dose actually taste way better tho. American beef is delicious. Both the flavour and texture are superb and prices are so low. Puts all the beef in Europe to shame. Not that all European food is bad but if you're an American traveling in europe it's really important to remember not to order beef because it's so disappointing. And in UK they dont even particularly know how to season and cook it right.
That's like being rated least smelliest fart or best looking slug. "This truffle scented mayo really makes these patties almost taste like beef and this is some of the freshest partially hydrogenated soy oil and red dye 3 I've had in ages (chef's kiss)!".
Which one do I know better than? The Welsh chef claiming the McDs in Wales is the best McD's (out of the 40k in over 100 countries, which he assuredly has only sampled a handful) because his friend created a couple of recipes for that specific location? Or the other Michelin rated chef in the article who says (I paraphrase) it's a betrayal to the profession to partner with McDs and put chef-grade touches to a garbage product that is best for offering plastic toys to children to get them to drag their parents to buy subpar food?
Or do you want to reread my comment and see that I don't even question the opinion of any chef, I'm just mocking the point that it's still a fast food place with a really low bar. He's being hyperbolic and his comment is taken out of context by the headline. He's giving a compliment to a local McDs for trying to elevate the garbage food they produce and he likes the effort compared to the lower-end product McDs usually delivers.