In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The derailment of the train in Ohio was likely more severe because the Trump administration repealed a key safety rule. A rule was passed under Obama that made it a requirement for trains carrying hazardous flammable materials to have ECP brakes, but this was rescinded in 2017 by the Trump administration.
ECP brakes probably wouldn't have entirely prevented this, but there's a good chance it would have been a minor event instead of this mess.
Regulations exist for a reason. This is yet another example of the fact that we'll be dealing with fallout from the Trump administration for decades.
With lax regulators and friendly courts, there is no incentive to prevent or mitigate disasters like these.
Correct the republicans are complaining the Dems didn't fix the thing they broke in the first place after the Dems fixed it the first time.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Republicans are bad for this country. We spend too much time fixing the stuff we already fixed until the republicans broke it again.
How can anyone move forward when some of the passengers on the bus are slashing the tires and complaining about flats at the same time.
The strike was ordered off because the rails are a US strategic industry. Many of the people arguing using this today are also anti-union and hold no position other than to want to argue.
The unions got increases and I agree should get sick leave. I have no issues there, but if republicans didn't remove regulations every time they get power than the companies wouldn't wait the regulations out.
I also venture that in the middle of the "inflation" scare by republicans if the rail strike happened many of these same people against the ban would be angry their grocery prices went up even more.
So basically you blame Dems for not fixing the regulation broken by republicans after the Dems fixed it the first time?
Meaningful change will be hard and many people are not looking for solutions. They are looking to use any situation to contrarian argue against Biden.
Dems fixed it under Obama and Trump removed the regulation. The people with the crowbar are complaining that the current store owner hasn't repaired the window again.
Get outta here... really. So the Deficit caused by Republicans due to their tax cuts for the rich are the Dems fault for not fixing them?
See what I mean. you are saying that Trump breaking things has nothing to do with Dems fixing what republicans break, but it most certainly does.