I rly don’t get it, the oligarchical thing was a good hustle. It was working. Why on earth would u ruin a good hustle over some bizarre imperialist dream?
Now u get hundreds of thousands if not millions of ppl dead. I mean for what?? Bc u can’t handle a good hustle vlad. Idk what else u wanted bro but europe and the us aren’t about it. That has been made clear. Hurry up and die so Russia can evolve.
To begin with - Russia is a giant oil and gas station masquarading as a country. We all have known that for a while. However there is one big problem looming on the horizon. Europe wants to be independent when it comes to energy. And it will get there, especially as climate changes become more and more painful costs of emitting CO2 will go through the roof and into the skies. Petrol and gas are both non-renewable.
So that's problem 1 - long term Russia literally bankrupts. Some emerging economies might want their supplies but definitely not at the prices that Europe could pay. It wasn't a problem just yet but it could become one in a decade. And there's no reverting this trend.
Then there's problem 2 - Ukraine has found massive supplies on Crimea. If it could actually utilize them it would undercut Russia even further. Hence 2014 invasion (among other reasons like access to warm water port).
Then there's problem 3 - Ukraine wants to ally with West. Russia needs to invade countries every now and then to mask their domestic issues and there's a problem here - you can't invade NATO members because it's too powerful. And Ukraine is not just a random country either. It's big, has over 40 million people, had quite impressive military production capabilities alongside with food production and it also was part of Russia until not that long ago (and it was allied with it until like what, a mere decade ago, not even that).
And finally problem 4 - Russia believed it's much more powerful than it is. In fact this war shocked the world because it made so little sense on paper. Apparently FSB agents assigned the task of figuring out if it's even possible and what repercussions would be thought it's a usual thought exercise. And in Russia "usual" would mean that you want to prove your country is the best in the world and rotten west can't do jackshit. So plans prepared for invasion made no sense. It still was... closer than we think it was however, these first days of the war with airport being taken over, assassins sent to Kiev to kill Zelensky and so on probably had very serious chances of killing the government officials and maybe even seizing the capital.
This war is unfortunately not over yet either. Russia still is dangerous and we might meme about it all day long but it doesn't change a fact hundreds of people die every day, potentially hundreds of thousands were forcefully moved inside Russia and millions are left without hot water and electricity. It's not over yet and Ukraine still needs shitton of support to defend itself.