In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Do they not realize the irony that the same freedom of speech they are "defending" also protects Apple's decision to not associate itself with Musk's toxic Twitter moves?
It’s because they don’t truly believe in free speech. They believe in their speech. Yelling “free speech” just gives them a way to try to play victim.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
To them, free speech just means they can say whatever they want and nobody else can say anything about it. They literally have no clue what the first amendment actually states or protects.
It’s the same as their yelling about “sanctuary Sanctity of marriage”. They don’t give a shit about marriage. They just want to make sure gay people can’t have it too.
Of course they dont realize the irony. That would take awareness, self reflection, and being accountable for your words and actions. You know, 'woke' stuff....
They can't bypass that. If you want to be listed in Apple's app store, you agree to their terms. Musk may not like that, but he can't do anything about it. Apple isn't worried about Musk's threats.
Yes, in the real world we understand this (and a few of the whiners may as well). However that's not the issue at hand, since this is about the violation they are making up.
I would hope that most people understand that congressmen bullying Apple with legal action is absolutely a violation. But then again, most people don't understand the first and how it applies anyway so.....
Nothing in that has anything to do with this falsified claim. Congress made no law telling Apple to take it down, there ARE no first amendment protections in this situation.
In reality, this is just more fascist bluster to see if they can get Apple to cave ahead of time, so they don't have to look silly by either doing nothing because they dont want to risk the court case, or by actually deciding to go full FAFO and truly violate the 1st by trying to force Apple to carry specific apps.
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
Twitter and Apple are not being subjected to laws limiting their ability to say or do things, let alone the fact that they are companies operating on private servers so 1st amendment protections would not apply even if they were being held lawfully responsible for removing content from their servers (which, again, they aren't), regardless of how much fascists whine about being held accountable for their words and actions.
Doesn't apply in cases like this where the actions are being applied on private servers, so I'm guessing it's somewhere in their lower abdomen, right next to their heads. Enter through the exit to get there, as is typical with ass backwards fascist reasoning.
I'm simply saying their claims of Apple violations are false. If they actually try to force Apple to do anything, they are going to enter FAFO territory.
While Musk would actually be dumb enough to try, he can't actually force anything. DeSantis is just spewing shit trying to get fascist voters attention, per usual. I doubt he views this as much more than a publicity stunt, like pretty much anything he does. Think Martha's Vineyard without the human trafficking 'issues'. Good red meat for yall queda.