In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
You do realize the texts that were revealed already by the Jan6 comittee although not the very same ones reveal basically the same sort of thing?
I hope people actually read this article, not just the headline. This is bonkers. I'm no legal scholar, but this just has to be defamatio /libel. It's so malicious.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
My initial thoughts were, "Yeah, we all know they are crazy but I didn't conspire to keep giving them a voice.".
This really isn’t new news when it comes to how Fox operates But it does show how not enough people aren’t paying attention.
Everybody at fox apparently understands that they're paid liars. Their actual job is to validate the fear and anger of the right, and they all talk frankly about it privately. It's clear.
When it comes to the base they no longer watch anything on Fox News except from Tucker. They are huge when it comes to conservatives but the base considers them too liberal. You have to understand the base is hard core Trump followers and Fox not only had to many liberal commentators like Chris Wallace but they made the unforgivable mistake of being the first to call Arizona for Biden. They do still watch Tucker but this revelation if they believe will change that. They often tend to disregard things they don’t want to hear. Hell, Fox News has been trying to replace Trump with DeSantis since about last June or July yet another reason Fox is not something Trumps base watches. You just don’t try to replace their hero and remain their choice of where they get what they want to hear to reinforce their beliefs.
You really might want to watch the special CNN did with regards to Rupert Murdoch. This really is who he is.
What most people don’t understand is Fox is giving their audience what they want. If they didn’t do that this audience would move on to some other place. As it is Trump’s base has already done that as they consider Fox to be to liberal for their taste.
You do realize the texts that were revealed already by the Jan6 comittee although not the very same ones reveal basically the same sort of thing?
This really isn’t new news when it comes to how Fox operates But it does show how not enough people aren’t paying attention.