I mean we see teens get caught up in fantasies and kill their parents. They are hormones and emotions at that age. They’re dumb. There should be consequences, but in the age of the internet - what she did isn’t unheard of (running away to join a grown man).
I wasn't stupid enough to plan to run away to an entirely different country to join a terrorist organisation. I ran away from home sure, for attention, to avoid a walloping, whatever, but I sure as shit knew right from wrong.
Torn because she was a child and children are stupid. Don’t reply to me telling me how you weren’t stupid at 15 - because you were and maybe still are if you haven’t seen any improvement in your decision making skills since adolescence. BUT they had to draw the line and make an example of someone to deter other teens and adults from making the same mistake.
She’s had a rough go and still refuses to admit she fucked up. If I’d lost 3 kids in 4 years, I certainly would admit that I fucked up. Maybe the Dutch will take her. But maybe not. I read that they may not recognize her marriage because she was underaged.
Age of criminal responsibility in UK is 10, except Scotland where it is 12. Being stupid is not the excuse you seem to think it is, she was 5 years beyond being able to decide the difference between right and wrong and be held accountable for it.
Some people want to give votes to young people too, and yet a lot of those also claim this woman was just a stupid child - which is it, as it cannot be both?
Did I say anything about giving 15 year olds the right to vote? I also asked that you not reply to me telling me how stupid you weren’t.
I used to be the director of conduct at a college. I have sanctioned more cases of stupid teens than you have. Being stupid isn’t an excuse, but all of the peer-reviewed evidence on the matter suggests they aren’t developed enough. And stupid decisions have consequences that they can’t comprehend at the time. They don’t think.
Considering I'm ex forces, I very much doubt that you have. Plus the idiots I was dealing with were being trained to fight wars, not attend protests.
And yet the law of this country states a youngster knows the difference between right and wrong at a much earlier age. This has been tested time and again. Jon Venables was just a poor misunderstood kid who didn't understand the consequences as well right?
Both of my parents are retired veterans and they know how to use google - but just for shits and giggles:
You can ask me to stick on my wife's bikini and give you a lap dance as well, but this is the Internet where you have absolutely zero authority or power to compel anyone else to do what you want them to.
Half decent, still doesn't explain Begum et al though - impulsive behaviour does not involve months of planning and such careful action to hide what they were (and here's the important word) intending to do, do you actually know anything about this case at all?
Do you not understand teenagers join up, have money for the first time and then get into all sorts of trouble and strife? Probably more than college students do because they are naturally more prone to taking risks.
Better, this is an actual paper. Not conjecture or opinion pieces put together from various unreferenced sources that suit the authors beliefs, of which your "alma mater" piece most certainly is!
And my alma mater is a leader in research. If you have access to certain databases, you could easily find reviewed sources that are usually paywalled. That’s the last time I do a favor for a dummy. You ask for sources but your mind is made up. No better than a Trump supporter.
sigh I've put more bent out of shape and impulsive teens on the right track than you've had hot dinners.
These women did not rob a corner shop or their local Primarni, they plotted, and planned and stole family jewellery to pay for the tickets to get to Syria, via Turkey. "but but but, they were groomed" I'm sure you'll say next, it doesn't matter.
So no, you can't provide the sources you're basing your entirely incomplete and incorrect assessment on then?
Laws have long been unable to keep up with research. That’s a bad gauge. And we can get into that as well, I have my master’s in CJ, and mental health on top of ten years in higher ed.
The law of the UK is complex and often defined by case law. Children are more mature than they were.
It’s gotta be crack when someone who has no formal education on the matter thinks he knows more than a professional. They do crack in the UK, right?