The last 2 days were pretty quiet, there were no missile strikes, but as usual the towns that are close to the border get shelled every day. I don’t think there were even any reports of Kupiansk getting shelled these past 2 days, but it still could have been shelled, just not reported, there aren’t that many people living there nowadays after all. Though there were also no missile launches from Belgorod, so if it was shelled, then it was done by regular artillery and not missiles.
While it was pretty quiet here, it wasn’t nearly as quiet in Belgorod because our forces managed to hit a couple of targets there yesterday. Looks like they hit both an oil refinery, and a factory that was making parts for the Kerch bridge, so those are some pretty good news. In response to that Russians decided to raise the terrorist threat level in the region to yellow. Funny how hitting their military targets is terrorism, but hitting our civilians with missiles is just fine and not at all terrorism.
Great to hear that GLSDBs were finally officially announced, it was enough to make Medvedev throw yet another nuclear tantrum, saying that “Ukraine will burn” if we hit Crimea, yeah right. Did he forget that we hit Crimea many times already? And he promised us a judgement day for hitting it before, but for some reason it didn’t happen even though we destroyed an entire air base with a lot of their planes after his promise. Do Russians really not see how weak they look by constantly threatening nuclear war and never backing up their words? Either do it already, or stop with your stupid threats, which are not being taken seriously anyway, or we wouldn’t be getting tanks and long-range weapons right now.
Russia has now visually confirmed to have lost more than 2000 infantry fighting vehicles (IFVs) since it began its invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022.
Truthfully I didn't even know we had tanks, might as well give them to our brothers/sisters in Ukraine!
Tank crews from the Armed Forces of Ukraine have been quick to master the controls of the mighty Challenger 2 this week.
The UK is providing Challenger 2 tanks to Ukraine to help them defend their homeland and retake territory.
1/ Wagner fighters released from the war in Ukraine are reportedly to be secretly be put under surveillance. Meanwhile, Wagner head Yevgeny Prigozhin's influence seems to have waned, prompting publicity stunts to boost his profile, like the feud with Igor 'Strelkov' Girkin. ⬇️.