In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Let's start looking at the issue from a systemic standpoint instead of every year bashing them. The youth are practically untouchable to Republicans but accessible to Democrats. Run the right sort of candidates and stop patronizing them and you'll have more success.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
The final day is tomorrow. Make an effort to lug as many people to the polls as you can. More than 2020. This needs to be a reckoning against the Republican Party - big picture.
I did this in 2008 for Obama in Philadelphia after driving there from San Diego. If you want to help out in a swing state where you can’t technically vote, you can still make a difference.
- Semesters are in full swing around this time and I remember I was pretty fucking busy doing university group projects and studying for tests around this time.
Seniors on death's door are pandered to, catered to; they're already registered and are retired with no job, no kids, no school, no other responsibilities. But no, most seniors aren't on "death's door" lol.
And look, I'm not saying it's impossible, but I'm saying there do tend to be more hoops for them to jump through. And unless you're pulling the boomer trope that every generation succeeding theirs is just lazy, well I'm just going to ignore that absurdity.
We 100% know the gaslighting defeatism both sides apathy is propaganda from the right to the youth is much stronger because the youth often probably recognize their own lack of understanding of the issues and so hesitate to jump off the fence in either direction because Republicans do such a good job at muddying the waters, combined with the same voter-suppression techniques that occur for other minority groups.
Which raises an important point: The pure vitriol shown towards youth in these comments but the simultaneously complaining of Republican voter-suppression tactics towards other voting groups of color is a hefty amount of cognitive dissonance.
And it's sad because folks here make so many excuses for voter-suppression tactics against minority groups when the reality is that many of these same voter-suppression tactics apply to youth.
I don't disagree, but find better ways to appeal to them by (a) explaining this importance (beginning with the parents), (b) running candidates they're interested in (rise in Voter participation from this group under Obama, Sanders), (c) countering the actions of right-wing propagandists to sow defeatism and apathy (gaslighting).
Primaries, specifically Super Tuesday is not going to reflect general election turnout of youth for several reasons. For starters, primaries and their lack of standardization, state registration deadlines, and various voting dates are challenging to political newcomers (youth). They are disproportionately disadvantaged (this is actually a voter-suppression tactic we rail against the Right for). The money isn't there to rock the vote in the same manner November is -- also isn't on the same scale. Leave aside the fact that most college students are in the midst of midterms during this time in the Spring just the same. That, and even youth can't compete with Bloomberg's half a billion dollar injection into Biden's campaign last round. (By the way; the three most stressful times of an adult's life are: (1) University exams, (2) Having a kid, and (3) the Sandwich years of caring for their aging parents. So don't downplay this.
Figure out ways to fix the problems rather than just complaining about it. Figure out a way to address the systemic problem.
Man I am so saddened by the complete lack of understanding. Many people here clearly need educated on the pitfalls.
It was the Youth who contributed to getting Obama elected twice, and Hillary to lose by the opposite effect. It was the youth and progressive coalition turning out the vote in 2018 midterm success.
That leaves only ONE NEW GROUP that can be tapped into to get an edge over Republicans: The Youth. And again, I'll repeat this: The Youth Group built off a grassroots campaign is what propelled Obama twice to Presidency. Again: Only Warren as VP can tap that group. Even if they don't turn out in large numbers themselves: the youth is who does the canvassing, the groundwork, the phone-banking, and pushing back against trolls on social media. Without them, turnout across all demographics drops while right-wing online trolls amplify because there's no technologically-savvy group to counter the rhetoric from the other side.
- Sanders was out-raised Biden 2 to 1 during the primaries. (funny, I remember this mattered when Hillary was out-raising Sanders).
- Sanders won what little Independents there are in 13 out of the 16 initial primaries... (not sure of others going forward).
- Progressive flagships of the Democratic races, chiefly AOC. They have a down-ballot effect across the board. And consider this water-fall effect, because it's the key point: We shifted left across the board.
It was the youth that canvassed, phone-banked, and fundraised. It was the grassroots organization and Obama's youth outreach and progressive (for the time) positioning that led to a GOTV movement. Keep in mind the youth's actual vote turnout alone (which DID see an uptick in the years I mentioned no less) isn't the only factor: it's how influential they are at pushing others to vote, and pushing back against the online right-wing narrative from social media to comments. If they aren't enthused, then they'll let liars run their mouths and control the narrative of the election.
Where we had centrist senior democrats, we got progressives taking over those seats. Where we had Conservative Republicans before, we got Centrist Democrats. That's a complete shift. The point being, the shift begins with aiming high for what we truly want; and that's how you forget what the Right wants and cares and think about what energizes Democrats to turn out. It's funny how everyone recognizes the down-ballot effect but doesn't consider the notion that one demographic can influence several others, even if they don't themselves turn out to vote in large numbers.
I'm addressing the realities, not simply excuses. If you want to prevent a fascist takeover, start getting creative in addressing these issues that inhibit every new young generation from going to the polls.
And look, I'm not saying it's impossible, but I'm saying there do tend to be more hoops for them to jump through. And unless you're pulling the boomer trope that every generation succeeding theirs is just lazy, well I'm just going to ignore that absurdity.
Working older people tend to have stable rides (I was lucky). Working older people tend to have better jobs accommodating leaving to vote. My professors didn't give a shit. Not sure what you majored my time wasn't free in my stem degree. Leave aside those who are going to school in a different state which can complicate the registration process for them.
I hope every single young person turns out en-masse of course, but it's time to stop just complaining about it every year and expecting something to magically change. The problem is clearly of system-origin. And it's sad because folks here make so many excuses for voter-suppression tactics against minority groups when the reality is that many of these same voter-suppression tactics apply to youth.
I get it, and with time as you get older most recognize the importance, but I'm simply addressing the realities and if we don't hone in on some of the underlying problems then we'll just keep complaining every year rather than taking substantive steps to fixing the the issues of youth civic engagement.
Another problem is that we 100% know the gaslighting defeatism both sides apathy is propaganda from the right to the youth is much stronger because the youth often probably recognize their own lack of understanding of the issues and so hesitate to jump off the fence in either direction because Republicans do such a good job at muddying the waters, combined with the same voter-suppression techniques that occur for other minority groups.
Which raises an important point: The pure vitriol shown towards youth in these comments but the simultaneously complaining of Republican voter-suppression tactics towards other voting groups of color is a hefty amount of cognitive dissonance.
I get it, and with time as you get older most recognize the importance, but I'm simply addressing the realities and if we don't hone in on some of the underlying problems then we'll just keep complaining every year rather than taking substantive steps to fixing the the issues of youth civic engagement.
Another problem is that we 100% know the gaslighting defeatism both sides apathy is propaganda from the right to the youth is much stronger because the youth often probably recognize their own lack of understanding of the issues and so hesitate to jump off the fence in either direction because Republicans do such a good job at muddying the waters, combined with the same voter-suppression techniques that occur for other minority groups.
Which raises an important point: The pure vitriol shown towards youth in these comments but the simultaneously complaining of Republican voter-suppression tactics towards other voting groups of color is a hefty amount of cognitive dissonance.
Also it's sad because folks here make so many excuses for voter-suppression tactics against minority groups when the reality is that many of these same voter-suppression tactics apply to youth.