In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Who else remembers Joe & Mika letting Trump call in and free-associate with his usual bullshit for twenty minutes at a time, with no pushback whatsoever?
Former president Donald Trump began broadcasting widely-discredited conspiracy theories about MSNBC host Joe Scarborough after being prompted by documents given to him by Florida Representative Matt Gaetz, according to former White House Communications Director Alyssa Farah Griffin.
Joe Scarborough’s a political nonentity who spreads his milquetoast with Miracle Whip and calls it his Extra Spicy Sauce, forever oblivious to the fact that he represents a dying demographic that really truly doesn’t give a shit about the rest of us hence his complete irrelevance to the political process known as modern American politics and the fact that he will never ever be the man he may or may not have been in 1995.
It’s not his show, it’s a shitty ratings-based amalgamation of a failed Republican’s attempted regeneration of the glory days of the 90s, during which he could still see the path to the presidency laid out as clear as fucking day and Newt was still his bestest friend ever right up until he wasn’t.
Yes, they were a big part of normalizing him for a lot of moderate Republicans. Always thought they were all big buddies, must have missed when they had their falling out. Not the biggest Morning Joe fan, but when I watched it back then as breakfast time permitted, Trump's call-ins seemed like a regular feature.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.