In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
George Santos holds a press conference on Monday, paging through a lenhy prepared statement addressing all of the alleged lies and exaggerations in his past.
Most of them have a simple justification: "I wanted voters to believe that my education, experience, and background were more exciting and impressive than they really are.".
And he tells the whole truth about his real education and his real work history. He says (and it can be eventually proven) that his income and assets were exaggerated to make him seem successful.
And then he lays down the ultimatum: "None of my lies or exaggerations will affect my work in Congress. I will not resign.".
1. The Speaker and the Republican caucus decide that being a Republican is the most important thing about him. They seat him on committees like any other freshman member, and refuse to answer or comment on him for the next two years.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
2. The Speaker asks him to resign, and when he will not, he simply receives no committee assignments and is referred to the Ethics committee where he can file an amended financial statement.
I do not see a scenario with a Republican Speaker, McCarthy or anyone else, in which he is expelled from Congress just for lying about almost everything.
At most he's going to be given an opportunity to amend his financial disclosures. Maybe the Ethics Committee censures him.
You figure maybe IRS criminal investigations is going to do something ? Have you seen their recent track record ?