In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The Republicans are all about telling people they're for the working class, telling people they're fiscally responsible, telling people that they have plans for health care and inflation and infrastructure, and telling people they're tough on China and Russia.
Good luck explaining the difference between Democrat with an upper case D and democrat. The distinction is too woke for them.
This is scary shit. You never ever want the people aiming for power to be openly promising to break laws and do whatever it takes to "win". Congress and DOJ should do everything in their power to ensure that that such a person is never ever able to take power and that any who supports them isnt either.
Many Republicans would really rather dismiss this as Trump's sense of humor being too edgy for them. After all, didn't Senator Collins tell us Trump learned his lesson a few years ago?
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It's what they show us that matters. Anti-democratic power hungry fascists that don't give a damn about the people that vote for them, and are willing to sell out our country for a depressingly small amount of Russian cash.
Trump won't ever admit he's wrong, but most of the rest would have no problem admitting error if it served their own political purposes.
They're silent because they're unsure just how many Republican VOTERS would be just fine with scrapping the Constitution to bring forth Trumpian Rule. They want to be reelected too, well until Trump ascends his Golden Thrown, at which point they're prefer to be his courtiers than his enemies.