But why? He must know USA is just toying with Russia, if NATO wanted to end the war, they could do it in a matter of weeks. Instead they support Ukraine just enough to slowly squeeze every drop of sweat and blood from Russia, so that the war ends by russia being completele destroyed. Does Putin really believe he can keep any of the ukraine territory? He will lose everything incluring Crimea.
I didnt mean to invade russia directly, that would definitely set off a nuclear exchange, but destroying everything russian in ukraine and the black sea.
One other thing also confuses me, how would russia defend itself against either outside invading forces or inside civil war? Like countries like Kazakhstan, Georgie, North Korea or even China could start anexing parts of russia and Putin would be powerless against it. Or local parta of russia at the borders could break out and start their own countries. Putin put 100% of his forces to ukraine and he is relying on the fact that he is the only ashole on the planet actually disrupting official state borders. NATO cant invade russia due to nuclear weapons, but what would putin do if Georgie annexed a piece of russia? or if china annexed the east part of russia where they have been stealing lumber for decades? It is almost funny how russia knows they are the only bad guys on the planet and yet it doesnt stop them, it encourages them. If Mongols were still a thing, Mongolie would be the largest country by now.
Unfortunately they will also squeeze every dollar they can out of Ukraine and there will be alot of foreign debt incurred.
Hopefuly all the seized russia assets, including the half a billion dollars of bank assets, will go towards reparations for ukraine. It would actually be almost enough, I read estimates that ukraine will need 800-1000 billion dollars to recover from the war, and I REALLY hope that EU is not planning to pay it off by themselves. Russia will never agree to pay that, so we just have to take it.
Putin is a school yard bully who found himself backed into a corner and exposed that all his bark had no bite.
So now he is desperate to try and give that bark just enough bite to be able to be like “See I still hurt”.
And that all got shown to be complete and utter nonsense. And not only that, it wasn’t even against one of the big nations that they kept saying they would crush in an instant.
The problem is Russia’s entire espionage and political game for the past 30+ years has been based on fear. The Russians were mysterious and mystical in a sense.
So Putin is trying desperately to save any face he can at this point, not for us, not for Russia, but for himself.
But what is there to save, and how? If he could realistically keep some parts of ukraine, it would make sence, but as far as i understand it, time ticks against russia, they are losing soldiers and equipment that they cant replace, whereas ukraine is getting more and more modern weapons and support and their resources seem limitless. I really thought that if Putin left ukraine before the counter-offensive started and said that he destroyed ukraine, russian citizens would buy that. There is zero chance he can keep anything, ukraine would rebel even on its own again and again until they were free.