In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It says Buttigieg is explicitly to blame for the Southwest outage, and then goes on to talk about bonuses that SW employees paid themselves. What?
1. Make a rule that cancellations due to staffing issues is "unfair and deceptive practice" (12 months minimum).
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I mean, ok he's not infallible but don't blame stuff on him that isn't his fault. I need to go find out what an "at large" is and how it differs from an "in-chief" cuz that's something else that's been bugging me.
Now we are in 2027 or 2028. The staffing issue probably has been resolved a long time ago (actually, it mostly is already).
Do you really think that whole process would have been more of an incentive to update processes and IT than the predictable risk of a $1b+ financial damage in the near future? And even if it did, updating the system takes years not months.
Working for Bernie Sanders is not, in itself, proof of anything. Lots of people have worked for Bernie Sanders.
Also, David Sirota is a well-known cherrypicker who is ridiculed equally by the left, right, and center.
He also has a history of whitewashing the petro-state moneygrabbing in Venezuela because "anything socialist good," but that's none of my business.
While those are necessary most of them need new regulation by Congress, the rest takes years for the mandatory rule making process, the processing of complaints, and litigating the fines in court.
Updating the processes and IT of SWA takes years too, not months. So Sirota's proposed actions might have an effect in 2027 at the earliest. Whereas Pete pressuring the airlines to voluntarily guarantee compensations for hotels and more and his pressure on SWA to go "above and beyond" that new guarantees are helping passengers right now to at least get more money back than they'd be entitled to by law.
Soft pressure regarding the new customer service plans, rather direct pressure regarding the refunds and compensations after the SWA mess. Just because he's diplomatic and polite and speaks calmly doesn't mean that there isn't steel beneath the surface and that airline CEOs don't realize it.
Pete is progressive and he gets things done. When all the mandatory processes are finished he'll have overseen the largest improvement in passenger rights ever. This rant from Bernie's former staffer is the best evidence why "progressives" are mostly useless. You have to understand what you're regulating and what can actually be done, not what you'd think would look good to your supporters or in the media. Throwing a fit and imposing fines on airlines without the necessary authority and due process would do a lot of harm and no good at all. That's how DJT tried to rule.
2. Investigate complaints that specific cancellations were due to deliberate bad scheduling instead of unforeseen circumstances (probably 2 years).