In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
EDIT: Let me be perfectly clear; this "political intrigue" stuff is just clickbait. When McCarthy gets all but two or three GOP protest votes for Speaker, the media narrative will be how the Dems "failed" to take advantage of Republican disarray. The outcome is certain. The media just needs this horserace to get your clicks.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
What a misleading headline. He won nothing. All this vote shows is that he has a majority of the party backing him, but that's meaningless because that's not how Speaker votes work. If anything, it shows he doesn't have the votes to become Speaker.
This was nothing but an internal party poll. The actual vote is the full House, not just the majority party.
? The vote was both for official nomination to be Speaker and, more importantly, for leadership of the caucus. Actually, even if he drops out of the Speaker race, he can hang on and be Majority Leader.
Yeah, but why would they? The 31 that voted against McCarthy aren't going to work with Dems to install a moderate Speaker. Maybe if a couple moderates were concerned about all the whack job concessions McCarthy agreed to in order to secure MAGA votes, but I wouldn't bank on it.
Ultimately, I think McCarthy will be Speaker, but he's not going to be able to honor all those MAGA concessions he promised... especially if the margin is 5 or less.
All this "political intrigue" bullshit is just clickbait. The newspapers know what I've written is the likely outcome, but when McCarthy is elected Speaker, they can point to how the Dems "failed" to take advantage of the opportunity. It's always horserace bullshit to the media.
All four of these guys and the 27 others who voted for Biggs will vote for McCarthy in the whole House vote for Speaker. There's nothing to get excited about.