In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
During the Fetterman/Oz campaigns, I constantly saw conservatives saying "how can you support someone that can't even talk!" And all I could think was 'that's the least important part of electing a politician.' I'm not electing someone for how well they speak on the Senate floor, I'm electing someone for how they will vote on the Senate floor.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Dubya, Donald Trump, Marjorie Taylor Greene, and Herschel Walker. Those three are no Daniel Websters, no Abraham Lincolns. If being able to speak articulately was a qualification for high office, then none of these people would be within an inch of power.
I think it’s a trend that all stems back from Sarah Palin. She was sort of the fairy godmother of unqualified politicians that didn’t know enough about the job they were elected to have a conversation, so they just answer every question with a sound byte or a weird pivot to get back to a hot topic that they can deliver another sound byte. She showed Trump, MGT and all of them you didn’t have to be particularly intelligent, or know anything about the job you’re running for, to win a public office.
I can see that, but there was definitely a puppet master behind the scenes with him, and a motive. These new folks I feel like are just reactionary idiots, that basically just follow whatever sort of fringe opinions their base is buying into at the moment. Public opinion seems to control them.
There's no winning, because all the right cares about is triggering the left. So if you give her attention they'll continue supporting her just because she's getting a response. If you ignore her it allows her to go unchecked.
She sticks to sound bytes in debates and that seems to really resonate with their base voters. They need someone smart to really go after her in the debates. There was a lot of missed opportunities there I saw. Biggest one being, she criticized and made fun of Bidens green energy push, and then in her next answer praised having the largest solar energy panel producers in the country in her county. I couldn’t believe he missed the chance to attack her on that.