In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I wonder, sometimes how much damage they’ve done to their own electorate between the outsize effect Covid has had on republicans and their leaders continually casting doubt on the legitimacy of elections.
Some commentators and political veterans like Rick Wilson keep suggesting that "pain is the only teacher." By this, my take is the only thing that would induce the most pain would be getting voted out of power for a very long time. Then, after a long period of reflection and a new generation conservative thinkers and leaders, they can begin the process of becoming relevant again.
The real challenge isn't just the GOP, it's the monster they created with a mass of hardcore MAGA voters. GOP politicians simply pander to their voters' base instincts. Even "sane" Republicans are held hostage to one-third of their base who rabidly entrenched in an authoritarian, nativist, and yes, racist conspiracy theories.
A prerequisite of reflection is acknowledging that one is fallible. As long as the base denies that reality, reflection is impossible. I’m seeing a lot of blame going around, but not any reflection. I’d like to remain hopeful that could change, but that’s where we currently stand.
I'm a Democrat - always have been. But our system of government works best when there is a _healthy_ and civil tension between competing ideas, but with a common goal of upholding the Constitution. That doesn't exist right now. I'm reminded of the relationship between Tip O'Neill and Ronald Reagan. Politically, they fought like hell with each other, but after hours, they could both have a drink together. I can't imagine that AOC and MTG doing that, in large part because MTG has no inclination to work across the aisle or respect anyone with a differing point of view.