In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The pro-Democratic Senate Majority PAC plans to return $3 million in donations from former FTX CEO Sam Bankman-Fried and the crypto exchange’s ex-head of engineering Nishad Singh, the group said Tuesday.
The super PAC, which spent over $160 million supporting Democratic bids for Senate seats, received $2 million from Singh and $1 million from Bankman-Fried during the 2022 election cycle, according to Federal Election Commission records.
“Following the serious allegations against FTX, Senate Majority PAC previously set aside the contribution amounts from Sam Bankman-Fried and Nishad Singh with the intention of returning the funds once we receive proper direction from federal law enforcement officials based on their legal proceedings,” a PAC spokeswoman told CNBC on Tuesday.
The Democratic National Committee and the party’s Senate and House campaign arms — the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee — have made similar commitments to return donations from former FTX executives.
>The Democratic National Committee and the party’s Senate and House campaign arms — the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee — have made similar commitments to return donations from former FTX executives.
It's such an obviously good PR move to say "The money that was given to us was stolen, we're giving it back to his victims, and by the way, our opponents are in the same boat and aren't returning a penny, please vote D and give us $5" that I'm kind of surprised I'm being asked to be spell it out so explicitly.
If you can return $3M and use that to fundraise $3.1M, it's worth it from a purely "political organization" standpoint. But there's also intrinsic value in doing what's right even if you know your opponents won't. That's all part of building/reinforcing a brand, which is a political goal in and of itself.
The money isn't going to go into SBF's pockets. When Bernie Madoff went down, the DOJ put together a $4bn fund put together to pay the victims of his Ponzi scheme (the Madoff Victims Fund). Given that the Dems put out a statement saying they're waiting on guidance from law enforcement on what should be done with the money, it sounds like they're anticipating the same thing to happen here.