So they switched from clear cutting to very carefully regulating when and where lumber in Canada is being cut down. Typically to prevent huge multimillion dollar forest fires.
By cutting down trees and then replanting them responsibly we are able to have a renewable resource.
When trees aren’t managed carefully we end up with huge uncontrollable wildfires spitting co2 and smoke into the atmosphere.
an easy solution would be allow exemptions for countries that have responsible industry and have laws in place that are enforced to prevent the type of thing we are seeing in Brazil where the government is unable to or unwilling to prevent huge swaths of rainforest from being removed.
Lol we still clear cut everywhere, and we replant with only commercial timber species in mostly monoculture plantations. Cutting down mixed wood in clear cuts (which is still the norm in every province) and planting a bunch of pine/spruce sustainable?This system has contributed greatly to the erosion of biodiversity and is likely contributing to wildfires by making our forests vulnerable to pests and diseases.
Yeah, really only private woodlots (which are becoming a thing of the past, thanks Irving) do selective harvesting and the vast majority of Canada does clearcut logging where everything including non-commercial timber species is clear cut, then they drag everything up to the roadside and what isn’t sellable timber gets burned in large oxygen-starved fires. I’ve done forestry work in three provinces, ON, BC, and NB. Don’t let anybody tell you Canada has a sustainable forestry industry.
Which section of Canada you in? Cause from what I’ve seen the issues have been a LOT of lightning strikes in VERY dry areas that haven’t been containable due to dense brush from OVERGROWTH. Canada has a LOT of terrain. And of course clearcutting happens.
As the laws currently stand, It is sustainable. the problem in Canada is that the growing period for some species like spruce is something like 40+ years. In comparison, eucalyptus growing in Portugal, Brazil or Australia is just under a decade.
Any forest in Canada that is currently being harvested was planted in the late 70's and early 80's at the latest, in a period where the laws didn't define the practices required for a sustainable forestry sector. You can't claim that the forestry sector is unsustainable when the forests we're currently working in were planted over 50 years ago, obviously they were not using the most sustainable practices when planting those forests. All the laws pertaining to sustainable forestry will only come to fruition in 40 years at the earliest.
for the people that are saying that Canada logs responsibly, I ask that you take 15 minutes out of your day and watch this.
Heartwood Documentaries recorded this video about the connection between clearcut logging and the giant floods that wreaked havoc on the BC Interior. This was not just a historic rain event, it's a manmade disaster resulting from decades of clearcut logging in watersheds across the province. They used Google Earth Engine to zoom in on the forests around Merritt and Princeton, BC, two towns that have been evacuated due to flooding and are currently underwater. You'll be floored by the loss of forests over time. This is clearly a contributing factor to why these floods are so bad and I hope this story starts to be told.
Wood pellets are made with residual sawdust, a waste product. When you calculate the entire carbon sequestration of a tree very little of it actually ends up being burned. The overwhelming majority of the carbon is captured.
Being environmentally friendly is about using ALL of the harvested resource. Sawdust being turned into pellets not only insures that it's not wasted, it also displaces other forms of more harmful energy like Oil, gas and coal. Coal in particular as its easy to convert a coal fired poweplant into burning wood pellets.
And if the sawdust and wood are from sustainably managed forests than the wood pellets are carbon neutral.