In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Edit: to be clear they are targeting all of the LGBTQ community, particularly the trans community right now, but they will work against anyone who isn't like them.
It is apparent that they have decided to have a pogrom and to do so openly under the color of protecting children.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
No visibility of pride. Back to the days of pre-Stonewall; of the bathhouse raids; of the prosecution of clothing for lesbian and gay men, trans men and women. People (especially trans men, trans women, and butch lesbians) used to be fined for not having a specific amount of gender-normative clothing (e.g. legally forcing a butch woman or trans man dressing in feminine clothing, and fining or arresting them if they do not comply.
They think they are in a unique position to bring fascist revolution to the world without consequence. To them, if they just start killing people there’s an off chance they will get away with it.
100%. Disgusting fascist Matt Walsh and Ben Shapiro said that these attacks will continue unless the LGBTQ community stops grooming children. They want gay people dead. And they want to be able to pretend that they don't. They do. Fuck them.
These people, on the other hand, lost something when rule by wealth, rule by force, and rule by mob were set aside.
Hint: If Hitler had the Bomb and had taken over the 1 military power on Earth do you think he’d have been met with the world’s military might, toppled, and his men would have seen trial?
As far as shootings “turning the other way,” this isn’t a “both sides” situation. The people in favor of individual rights and liberties also favor the rule of law, civil peace, and violence as a last resort. Those were hard won freedoms that took a long time to achieve.