A snitch or tattletale is someone who reports wrong doing to the authorities, both term have a very negative implication, ie using an insult.
A whistle blower is someone who reports the wrong doings of either a company or government organization to either the proper regulatory authorities or the media. The term comes from the image of someone "blowing the whistle" on previously hidden and unscrupulous activities so that they can no longer remain hidden. This term have usually has positive or neutral implication.
I'm from Germany and I have no idea what the EU is talking about. Whistleblower protection laws were passed in 2017, but they are so bad that even the government had to admit it can't be implemented as intended. So we're working on a new draft right now, which should be ready by next year.
At first I was like: wtf, they are about to sue or atleast warne a lot of countries, why Single out Germany. But the I saw who made the article and it makes sense because it is Germany news about Germany so it mostly concerns Germany in this article. Still the head is a bit misleading.
So yeah, we're working on it but it's gonna take time because this shit is complicated af and needs careful consideration before passing any new law here. Meanwhile our economy is suffering because investors don't trust us anymore after Dieselgate and nobody wants to build factories here.
The problem is that there's no clear definition of who counts as a whistleblower and how to protect them against legal action from their employer (which could also be the government). The law was written with Snowden in mind, not some guy at VW who notices his company cheating emissions tests. There's also no clear way for whistleblowers to get their information out without breaking other laws (like data privacy or treason). And last but not least: companies can still fire you for being a whistleblower if they want to - it just has to go through an arbitration process first. Which means you'll lose your job either way unless you have enough money saved up for a lawyer.
well it didn't help that the Bundesrat blocked the new whistleblower protection law 5 days ago because it was "too much for the poor companies" or "it could be used by liars", lol. The same law was approved by the Bundestag in December.