New Year's Eve is still the biggest celebration day in Ukraine, as far as I've heard. My family celebrates New Year's and both Christmases, and it's one of the best times of the year. It's a great reason to get together and eat, drink, and celebrate life. Might be different for families who don't like each other as much, though. xD.
It is. New Year is like a presents and family gathering big day. Christmas on the other hand is purely religious holiday and there are zero presents-related traditions tied with it - there are a very few specific foods some families cook but that's pretty much it.
Relatives and some friends in Vinnytsia, colleagues and their families/surroundings in Lviv/Uzhgorod/Mukacheve (which is most western possible), some friends in Kyiv and my whole life in Kharkiv - that's where my experience coming from. St Nicholas day is indeed used for presents (more on west, but east too) but never heard of Christmas presents in Ukraine at all.
Depends on where you're from. I'm from western Ukraine, and don't know anyone who receives presents on New Year. It's usually St Nicholas day and Christmas for presents.
Most don't even consider that as a holiday - just a free day off work. In fact, Christmas is lower in "tier list" of holidays than Easter. Namely because Easter does have some traditions (painting eggs and going out with family to sort of picnic) which is why more non-religious people actually get involved in celebrations, while with Christmas - unless your family and/or your close circle is religious - no one cares much.
I would disagree that New Year’s Eve is a bigger celebration day than Christmas in the US. Christmas is month long cultural event with school and work parties, charity drives, etc, culminating in entire extended families traveling cross country through fierce storms to make it for Xmas and then leave a day or two afterwards. Chinese new years is a bigger event than Christmas for that community, but they don’t celebrate that on 12/31. NYE is mostly an excuse to get drunk and fire off fireworks and piss off pet owners.