In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
But sure, keep regurgitating the idea that the left is antisemitic for criticizing Israeli government.
I am a Jewish American. I am not Israeli. Doing something to assist Israel isn't doing something for me. How is this so difficult for those fucking fascists to understand? You see, we know about fascism and that's why so few of us voted for Trump.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
They also see Jews as "belonging to Israel." As in, we're not really American citizens, but really Israeli citizens that are just residing in America. Many right wing groups are in favor of deporting us "back" to Israel. Nevermind that we're actually US citizens, have been for generations, and have little to no ties to Israel.
They think Jews = Israel and thus that's where we belong. If we object to being told to leave our country and go to Israel, they act like we're ungrateful for being given the "opportunity to go back to our homeland." (Again, despite Israel not being where we're from.).
Not Israeli prime minister, their as in Jews' prime minister. Not one peep about it in the right wing media and very little in media in general for equating Jews with a foreign country and not seeing them as Americans.
Trump as a president at one instance made a speech to some Jewish group which he started with words "I just spoke to your prime minister, Netanyahu.".
That's why they love supporting the settlers. They give money to the settlers. The settlers move onto Palestinian land. The Israeli government decides to protect the settlers and the relationship between the two groups somehow deteriorates more making a large attack on Israel more likely.
I've been convinced for years that the evangelicals are purposefully sabotaging any peace process that starts up. If you could wave a magic wand and create peace in the Middle East, their apocalypse fantasy would be torn to shreds. So they make sure that not only doesn't peace take hold, but that each side has as much incentive as possible to attack the other.
I'm Jewish and will frequently criticize the Israeli government. Can people criticize Israel in an antisemitic way? Definitely. Some people might hear I'm Jewish and then criticize me for the actions of the Israeli government. This despite the fact that I'm an American citizen and have never even been to Israel - much less have any sway in the Israeli government. It would be about the same as criticizing me for Russia's actions because my ancestors 3 generations back came from Russia.
As long as the criticisms are targeted at the Israeli government and not all Jews, though, I don't see this as antisemitic.
I never even heard Ilhan (one of my favorite congresspeople) say "Jews", but I constantly hear the Right mentioning Jews, usually in non-complimentary context. Like treating them like a monolith, equating them to Israel, inappropriately evoking nazi regime/Holocaust to compare it to something they don't like or Space lasers.