In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
There are AP classes approved in FL if you generally care, follow the entire story about how the system reviewed the curriculum and what the problems were that were brought up. Then look at the changes that were made and the comments from the institution. They had intended to remove that content for some period before this came to light. People want to gloss over all of the facts to this event to make a politically motivated statement. People that really care about provenance and truth would do a better job of researching something before they grab their politically motivated torches and pitchforks. This behavior won’t help anyone. It’s intentionally divisive and it’s purpose is obvious.
I don’t support all of everything anyone says, my points are still valid. No the should not be for profit but they should be held accountable. There’s also a substantial amount of corruption and negligence and fraud in the non profit world and the for profit world. Nobel people seem in short supply.
Did you read the article? The stated reasoning for the original dispute and the changes that the college board made are quite on point. We are failing our future generations and the are falling so far behind the rest of most of the developed world. 28 schools in Baltimore didn’t have one student that could pass their grade level competency. What do the items that were in question have to do with black studies?
I think you're confused about what AP classes are. They are classes that seniors in HS can take in preparation to take an AP test. Passing it awards college credit for the class - you know so they save money and time at college starting with some credits.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I mean it's almost as if you don't know anything about what's going on. I don't know how you managed to live past the last few years without any learning about Florida fuhrer. Google DeSantis and Disney, or cruise industry, state epi, the NHL. I find it concerning that you somehow missed the last two years of current events.
I’m actually addressing the problems in education that are failing people the most in this country. Parents care more about an education that is going to prepare their children to compete and succeed in a competitive world than they do about social issues.