India and especially China INCREASED purchases from Russia. Europe reduced and now has just about eliminated purchases of Russian gas. They don't seem the same for anyone using a little thinking.
You must also consider the country's per capita income; people in India cannot afford higher oil prices.  As a result, the government has a moral obligation to ensure that people in India have access to cheap oil.
Second, the government does not buy; it is done by private economic entities. India mostly purchases crude oil, which is required because India ranks third in terms of vehicles per capita globally.
Would be a more believable argument if India also didn't avoid blaming Russia for the war and also didn't avoid voting against Russia in the UN.
Blaming russia won't stop the war, Yes India has condemned Russia in during events like the Bucha Massacre and Modi's message to Putin "This is not an era of war".
Blaming Russia will show Russia has no friends but when they have India and China with 40% of the worlds population defending them either directly or indirectly, Russia feels more empowered. If China and India agreed to sanction Russia, it would be over for Russia.
Russia has a abundance of natural resources which makes Russia self sufficient and also helps Russia to sustain the 2nd Most Powerful military, so if India and China who get Military Equipment from Russia at cheap price.
Even if India and China vote against Russia it will work against them in the long run since Russian Economy will stand back up again after 10 years.
Sanctions are only good if they are monitored, its like you tell your kid "You are grounded" but the kid always leaves his room when you are not in house, so despite Sanction a country can also do trade informally.
Also Unlike US, Russia shares its cutting edge equipment like S-400 with India (better S-400 variant than china has more range and capabilities than chinese s-400)and China.
Also Russia and China are enemies , Yes Putin and Xi hug and kiss but they have dagger in thier hand. Russia and China have unsettled scores since Soviet era because of border disputes and the Soviet Union was also going to nuke China but the US saved China.
China has claim over Mongolia(country below russia) and Russian territory so Russia knows that it can't trust China too much but they must get together because if they don't US will destroy them one by one because all 3 India, Russia and China are potential superpowers which can displace the US.
Everyone expected after war started that Russia will go into Chinese Camp, which means India would have lost its strategic partner and time tested friend to China but India saved Russia by purchasing Russian oil and increasing its purchases looking at the cheap price they were offering and Russia became its top supplier with 0. something share, before India mostly bought from Iraq , Iran, Venuzuvela and Russian import were minimal until the instability caused by war.
If Russia hadn't started the war and Ukraine became the member of NATO then it would have allowed US Nuclear Missles on its land and you just need 35 min if you want to use Tomahawk missiles on Moscow and 5 min if you want to use a hypersonic missile.
Inshort this is the mess that the west has created to destablize Russia and Ukraine is just a meat shield and a proxy of the West.
They have shrinking economy. They are having lots of shortages. They are getting by in part because China mostly but to a lesser degree India.
Funny because many countries in Eastern Europe were Russian sphere and no more and they saw their economy rise tremendously. Sounds like a weak excuse from you.
You just also made it clear your a Russian-Putin apologist AND PROVED ME RIGHT. You blamed the west for Russia invading Ukraine and suggest Ukraine should have remained a puppet of Russia for eternity and anything that changed that is cause for Russia to invade.
When the west with it's 40-50% global GDP and India + CHina with their 30% global GDP, that would make it very hard for Russia, wouldn't' it?
Because there already weren't a couple of NATO countries already bordering Russia and ust as close or closer to Moscow?? Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania?