Putler knew Ukraine would be part of NATO, he wanted to gamble and conquer Ukraine to "bring Ukraine back to Motherland". Downright shame and horrifying for Ukrainians to endure all this clusterfuck.
meanwhile, Ukraine ,wiping the blood from its face,says : i have a long standing agreement with bully and mother that I won't ask the neighbourhood for help.
If Russia is a huge military power with Nuclear weapons, and US and Europe promised we wouldn't extend NATO east of Germany, but we did under Clinton. Then Russia says Ukraine is the red line (before Putin).
they had an agreement. Russia would accept Ukraine sovereignty so long as they refused to join Nato. Ukraine never had any intention of joining Nato for decades. that only changed in 2022 because of the war. For the most part, Ukraine still doesn't see Nato as the solution. it's people like kissy who want the war to end. Russia is a nuclear spatula power; Nato exists as a challenge to that without the need for any one nation to declare war with a nuclear capable aggressor. Nato exists to prevent nuclear war stemming from the former USSR. Here we have Russia literally mobilising nuclear warhead capable weapons. What's not to like, here? The bully in the school yard has the toughest meanest dad. Standing up to him brings the threat of dad, or perhaps mother would be the better anecdote, coming to the yard with with her giant nuclear kitchen spoon. It's going to take the entire neighbourhood to do this if the outcome demands that no one gets nuked.
I know Russia can't be trusted now, but the Ukraine was maybe the most politically corrupt country in Europe during the 2000s. Ukraine has a complicated history.
Sometimes I think this war was encouraged to happen and Ukraine is just stuck in the middle of a bunch of old, cold war politicians.
-Rapidly weakening faith in said incremental improvements outside of a shrinking number of oligarchs and old-stock Europeans, in other words the long arc of justice is cracking if not outright broken.
No active deity pushing for greater justice, no clear signs of nirvana/escape from the flawed life cycle, and dwindling faith in incremental progress in the material world (which we’re somehow having to share with robots). At this point, bring on the metaverse.
Well that's a chicken or the egg argument... Bringing up the minsk agreement just gets you called a Russian sympathiser around here, debates about 2014 insue. But there is a huge gap between Russia having imperial ambition, or protecting it's national interest along a boarder they've been invaded through out history. The truth lies somewhere in between.
Sometimes calling a political enemy an ambitious tyrant takes away from the ideas/voice of the people who put/keep him in power.
Then you have to decide whether you're willing to put yourself in their shoes or just write them off as power hungry nuts.
I feel like during the cold war, people were less likely to play chicken... Nukes put in Turkey on Russia's doorstep, were answered by Nukes put in Cuba on the US doorstep.... The fear of war convinced both parties to withdraw their weapons, like a game of chicken, despite A the joint chief of staffs, CIA and Pentagon that all called for Kennedy to attack Cuba, which would have been a disaster...
The Ukraine is a war of aggression that shouldn't have happened. But demonizing Putin overlooks the will of many Russian people and their history before Putin.
Even before Putin. The Idea of Ukraine joining a military alliance and having the tech know how to make nuclear weapons with the geological advantage...