In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Dude, ngl there's a bunch of people in the comments of that video saying "he should've just complied".
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Thats why people insist that all cops are bastards. because the ones that did the killing and the ones that didn't do anything to stop it.
out of all of the folks that were standing around, not a single one prevented their fellow blue line brothers from beating a man to death.
I don’t understand how the others were standing around, but what’s more confusing is why are they not being charged? With anything? At all? What am I missing besides ‘America’?
you get it. you aren't missing anything. the ones that did the murder get charges, and the lookey loos hold their thin blue line and keep anyone from interfering with the police murdering a man in the street.
The police standing by to prevent anyone from stopping them murdering a man AGAIN. this is the savage sequel of george floyd and so many before him, and the thin blue line will make sure it happens again unless something more powerful forces a change.
cam 3, the officer took off the camera several times and put it back on later. he knew what he was doing and didn't want evidence and did his best when he was wearing the camera, he did his best not to face full on towards what he and his brothers in blue did.
They stopped him, dragged him from the car because he wouldn't step out of the vehicle with out a legitimate reason. When he was put into an arm bar you can hear bone Crack. At that point his adrenaline would have been spiked and fight or flight took over. They deployed tasers, missed him twice (after taking him once on the ground) they chased him down and proceeded to beat him. They didn't even get cuffs on him until mid to late beating.
You can hear the bones in his arm Crack when they over extended the arm bar during the initial confrontation. While screaming put your hands behind your back. Also a second officer during that time was attempting to drag him by his other arm forcefully preventing him from complying in the first place.
They forcefully put him in a position that prevented him from even attempting to comply, two guys pulling his arms in opposite directions (not even remotely behind his back) while screaming "put your hands behind your back".