In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Queue senators bringing in the declaration 📜 of Independence and a round balloon into session. We apparently have had toddlers running our country, the Golden age of technology removed the veil.
If they could actually read the Declaration of Independence, they would be really embarrassed by this antic.
“We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness”.
No, that means we should provide life (Health Insurance), Liberty (Remove slave wages), and the pursuit of happiness (reduce income and equity disparity). The left gets it, at least on paper, the right just ignores it and tries to force people to their will.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
That does not mean bend to rich, that does not mean control women, that does not mean aggressively police.
You have the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. You can’t make the words mean whatever you like. A right to life and the “controlling women” narrative sure appear at odds.
Men is a term that has changed meaning overtime as or society has evolved and is more civilized. Now it means everyone, at least to the majority.
Then you get more philosophical, what does right to life mean? If someone gets sick, should they be able to get care that will preserve their life, and not be severely punished through debt for trying to life.
What is liberty? The freedom of self-determination. Slavery was clearly found to not be liberty. So why are slave wages accepted? Keeping people working long hours just to eat and have room in board is not much different, just a different arrangement.
So we are doing society a disservice to a large percentage of our populace by making them scramble to just live, leaving room for pleasure limited, and to a small percentage who gain so much wealth and power they become jaded and begin to think of humans as pawns.
I come disparity is a huge problem in the US. The stark and shocking difference between our richest and poorest looks just like a third world country, it is gross in my mind.
The historical documents are not perfect but their concepts were not bad. That line is what should be central to our government, not what they thought was “men” but what we have become to accept is mankind.
Then you have right to the pursuit of happiness. Resources are very helpful in happiness, up to a point. Afterwards it actually has an inverse effect, it leads to greed and other life ruining trappings.