It's absolutely infuriating. He invaded them. Ukrainians are defending themselves. The entire war is his doing and he can call it off whenever he wants. If Putin brought his goddamn thugs home and declared the "totally not a war you guys" operation to be concluded, Ukraine wouldn't follow them into Russia. The only person who doesn't want peace is Putin himself.
Dearest cancer and aidsy cunt, Poostain, get yourself in a bin and then have someone throw you in the sea. I would like to sit next to you face to face and cough on you and then pray you have a slow and very very painful death. I would do this for any russian who supports what terror you are deploying so don't ever think you're special, you shit stain on humanity.
Let Putin keep killing his army in an illegal war to occupy Ukraine. Let him keep destroying military hardware. At the end Russia will be completely unarmed by their own doing. And the question is for what? To steal resources from Ukraine? What was the reason for this invasion?
Ukraine has become an ally of "the west" and, as such, all mainstream western media that covers the war is literally propaganda. So you (and I) know very very little about what is actually happening. I's called the fog of war.
But if you dig deep enough, you can still find a pretty fair account of the situation from the anti-establishment left. Look at Noam Chomsky interviews since the war began. He thinks the American MIlitary Industrial Complex is corrupt as all hell, has a heavy influence on our media, and wants to keep this war going. That is not to say that the Kremlin are the good guys or that the war is "just". But it's a good place to start. The Jacobin Magazine is pretty fair as well.
Now, please do not conflate that with me implying that the Russian media is portraying a more accurate account of the situation. Because they by no means are doing that. Their propaganda to their citizens is likely even more intense.
The american industrial military complex may be interested in selling weaponry but they didnt put Putin s army in Ukraine. Ukraine is also a sovereign country and free to ally themselves with whoever they please. If Mexico or Canada made an alliance with China we wouldnt start an invasion on them.
Russia has been the aggressor and their excuses have been really a hard sell. Yes, propaganda is everywhere but the fact remains that it is Russia that crossed the border. All they needed to do to be safe is stay within their borders. Now all they need to do is retreat back to their country.
From the perspective of Russia's defensive strategy, they need Ukraine as (hopefully) an ally, but at the very least as a buffer between them and Nato. Because they are losing these buffers left and right, and are no longer standing for it.
Because you just made a lot of bold assumptions that ignore everything from foreign policy defense staff. You are making shit up so badly to justify this that it doesnt even make sense.
The only reason mexico is not allied with china is because they choose that. Being on good terms with usa is more beneficial to the mexicans.
Imagine Mexico was becoming allied with China and was in the process of creating a defense organization that would mean China could put any amount of soldiers/weapons on the Mexico/America border as they want. Not only that, any American attack on Mexico would be seen as an attack on China as a whole, leading to immediate world war 3.
Actually, your Mexico example is something that Chomsky literally uses to make the opposite argument.
Yes, America WOULD go into Mexico and overthrow the sitting Mexican Government before it could make that deal with China. I mean, how could you possibly deny that?
Well he s 94 and senile and probably has a monetary interest in selling opinions lmao. He has held no political position. No military positions. And no background in those areas.
Yeah, well, the typical Russian would say they align with Russia. And it's less their fault, because their Chomsky equivalents would be censored.