In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
And every time this comes up I'm reminded that they didn't even bother to do ANY editing at all to the 2016 platform before releasing it for 2020 which led to all sorts of unintentional hilarity.
Wouldn't "remove such disability" in this case mean allowing such a person to actually hold office despite their "insurrection or rebellion"?
The current Administration has exceeded its constitutional authority, brazenly and flagrantly violated the separation of powers, sought to divide America into groups and turn citizen against citizen.
No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice-President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove such disability.”.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It reads to me that section 3 is automatic, and then Congress can override it on a case by case basis.
It would be funny if it had said something like “nazis are bad and will always be bad. We won’t flip flip on this one”.
Isn’t it interesting that the people closest to those in power making laws vote heavily for one party.
But seriously, sucks that Spanish people still tend to be religious which fosters toxic masculinity and a people-deserve-their-situation mentality.