Yeah sorry for anyone sitting there hoping this was the start of WW3 but anything short of definitive proof that Russia deliberately targeted a fucking farm in Poland this wasn't ever going to go anywhere. Poland is going to invoke Article 4 (not 5) and probably end up getting a ton of missile defense systems as a result. That's it.
Someone on some other thread about this was like, "ah well, so what if Washinon gets nuked?" and, like... I guess I missed the memo, but when did so many people start imagining that a nuclear war would just be a discreet, tactical, and measured scenario that doesn't escalate beyond a limited scope?
I'm honestly terrified right now on reddit seeing how many people are just shrugging off nuclear war as though it won't even be a big deal or something. I wonder if people don't understand that even if half or three-quarters of Russian warheads fail, tens or even hundreds of millions of us will die - some quickly, others horribly. And that map is just American targets! Surely the capital, industrial centers, and airports/bases/etc of ever other NATO nation, and especially every other NATO nuclear power, is on that list in a full-scale nuclear scenario.
They would be completely justified in shooting down any and all missiles that get within range of their anti-air batteries, to prevent the former loss of Polish lives.
You are right that nothing of consequence will happen to russia because they have nukes. The sad reality of the world these days is “have nukes = can do whatever you want including murdering people in any country”.
I hope this war ends soon, and I hope Russia leaves Ukraine for good. I hope Putin suffers a fatal stroke yesterday. But I also hope that this eventually prompts a more... inclusive, if difficult, discussion about the responsibilities of nuclear powers to not start murderous wars on ridiculous pretexts. But at the moment, Russia is just acting out the lesson of the past seventy years: a nuclear arsenal means you can do whatever the you want. America taught them that lesson more than anyone else. To get some idea of how hard it is going to be to un-teach that lesson, we might consider how hard it would be to un-teach it to America itself.