In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It's like if one sports team in a game realized that they could commit penalty after penalty and at some point the ref will stop calling them for a penalty because it would look too lopsided. So they let the offenses go and call penalties on the other team to balance the perception. Trump did this, he didn't slow down committing crimes after law suits and everything of the sort, he got worse and the ref started calling penalities on the other team. Now his team has the advantage of doing whatever they want because it wouldn't look fair to keep investigating him.
I'm a little confused why fox is trying so hard to shift the blame, instead of celebrating legislative wins. Republicans literally campaigned and won on the issue of de regulation.
Trump literally said this during the 2nd Debate with Clinton. On the subject of Trump getting away with breaking tax law Trump asked Clinton, "why didn't you stop me? You were in power then, if what I did was wearing why didn't you stop me?".
How the Democrats didn't use that baffles me. It is literally why Democrats need to be so much more assertive. He admitted that he knows the system is broken; that it isn't objective but subjective. Because there exists a justice system people like Trump have relinquished control of their morality. Since a system exists to punish wrong doers then they can do what they want until they are caught. If they are caught and punished, only then is the action proven to be bad. If they are bad but don't get in trouble then they aren't bad. It is a simple train of logic but Democrats don't take advantage. Usually because Republicans don't admit that they did anything wrong like Trump did, but he said what needed to be said so that Democrats could retort with, let us stop people like Trump. He said it, he invited it, and if he was charged with wrong doing before then he would have stopped or done something different. He said he does what he does because he can get away with it. So stop letting them get away with it. Trump admitted he was a criminal and won. So now that is the bar for everyone else.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Can you point out the moment where the governor asked for help when Biden called him directly and offered him anything he needed? The Ohio governor is trying very hard to not declare a state of emergency.
Yeah when are we going to do something about the hurricane industrial complex? Hasn't someone tried to do something like, I don't know, draw over a weather map to get the hurricane to go somewhere else?