Maybe they just want to reenact the film. They just need the fighters to film an Iranian version of Top Gun and Top Gun Maverick.
Iran's main defense against potential attacks on their nuclear projects has been to harden their facilities by burying them deeper and probably to concentrate their available SAMs. Engaging F-35's by moving Su-35's to intercept would be risking their most expensive and latest acquired fighter. Especially when even Russia fully delivers what they're promising to Iran that's now a small number of fighters and Russia already is trying to funnel as much of their resources as they can to their current war effort. Their current exports to the likes of Iran or India are continuing because they calculate that delaying already agreed to exports as too damaging to their long term relations and future exports, or in the case of Iran they are rewarding Iran for moving a lot of useful drone equipment to Russia that Russia needs. But Russia is free to negotiate new orders that come with war time delays baked into the export agreement and an additional Su-35 order could take a long time to fulfill.
From what I understand these are aircraft Russia built to be sold. They’ve been trying to offload these for a while now. Iran is giving drones, drone components and support in Ukraine so this deal is likely a handshake for the support..so I doubt Russia will miss on delivery. The Su-35 is still a very capable aircraft and should not be underestimated in the hands of a good pilot. However, since these birds were built for sale they most likely don’t have the hardware and other things built into them that would compensate for having non experienced pilots. These aircraft with Iranian pilots won’t really make Iran any more capable than they already are.
Few countries still use them or have just retired them. Turkish Air Force, Hellenic Air Force, ROKAF and JASDF just retired them couple years ago IIRC.
High end Russian military equipment generally is pretty decent, that’s not why they’re getting spanked in Ukraine. Ukraine themselves are predominantly using the same shit, very often older models.
Countries will be well aware of the nitty gritty details of the systems they’re buying that’s why procurement processes exist.
I highly doubt they’ll get anywhere near F35 given the security around its systems. They won’t even let Israeli pilots that are dual nationals fly it.
Not only that I suspect they don’t have the logistical competence to move equipment where it needs to be even if/when they have it.
The only positive for Iran on this is that their airspace is now more difficult to operate in. That’s it. The Su-35 is a 4.5 gen aircraft. An F-22 or an F-35 would fire the first shot before the Su-35 even knew it was there. Additionally, the high maneuverability of the Su-35 comes at a cost. It’s is extremely visible! So a modern AA system would be a major headache for this aircraft. Is it better than what iran has now? Sure. That’s it though.
I did! Russia has been trying really hard to make their hardware marketable. They wish they raked in what nato countries did. Russia has a hard time finding friends to sell to.
They built these for sale actually. They’ve been trying to find a buyer for a while. With the drone partnership and other support Iran has given I doubt Russia will A) walk away from cash and B) risk losing support in the drones and stuff.