In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It made it all the way to Montana unnoticed (from China) and it only was spotted because it was near a sensitive facility.
My little rural town is going nuts on Facebook taking pictures of the moon during the day and claiming it’s not the moon because of this balloon. Spoiler alert, they are looking at the moon. What did all the morons do before social media?
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I'm just responding to the photos I saw all over the internet. Maybe they were taken with extreme lenses? I could be full of shit. It happens sometimes.
I wonder whether there's a strategy behind that. Blinken cancels his trip and China has been embarrassed in front of the world. It certainly seems to put them on their back foot.
I'd also really be interested in evidence that it was photographable with a cell phone at the height it operated at. Once the Chinese government was contacted telling them we knew about it I'm pretty sure they changed it's altitude to comply with our demands regarding it.
Something I do find myself wondering though is why, if US intelligence has been aware of the passing of these balloons on a more or less routine basis, they decided to make a public spectacle of this one at this time?
Well it's been officially stated that they weren't aware of the previous flyovers. They've only discovered that they happened by going back through the data and finding movement that matches what they've seen from last week's balloon.
Once we step into the speculative possibility that exposing what they found was strategic, it gets interesting. I certainly think the defense community could have kept this event under wraps (though I haven't head the official story on how it became public) if it wanted to. I mean it's a spy program, their whole design is to be secret so unless something's gone really wrong they typically remain secret even when counterintelligence detects them.
I do think negotiations with China will probably be more fruitful and productive because of this. Both parties can set aside the pretension and walk into the situation seeking to regain face. It's counter intuitive but the less secrets you have to pretend you don't know someone is keeping the easier it is to trust them or at least be less suspicious.
It's all a lot more complex than face value. I think it's a shame that the only thing most of the public seems to be processing about this event is that it's some kind of Biden versus Trump narrative.
It’s because they’re unfamiliar with the work the intelligence community does. Which is intentional and unavoidable, unfortunately. It’s improved in recent years but only through some begrudgingly partaken PR.
I genuinely haven’t read this story as a cock up on anyone’s part except perhaps China’s, and even then I wouldn’t be surprised to find out that they’re telling the truth and the craft is somehow technically “private” as they said. I mean we use private contractors for government jobs all the time, I’d think it would be pretty easy for China to outsource even spy work considering the power they have over companies that operate there.
But NORAD is saying that although they can go back and look at the data now to determine that 3 balloons passed during the Trump administration, there was no awareness of the craft at the time.
Donald Trump committed a nearly uncountable number of failures (and crimes) as President, but this isn't one of them.