In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Even if all current student loans were forgiven and nothing was done regarding going forward, colleges would likely increase prices even more and/or people would just take on more student loans. Then the same issue would come up again in like 10 years.
True. But I don't see how that's possible, especially at the state level. If housing prices and the cost of eggs can it be controlled, multi-year education programs don't have a chance for price controls.
Proud to see Biden stepping up and continuing to work for student loan debt relief. Our society benefits from a more educated populace, and we shouldn't be putting students into crippling debt. Republicans want to destroy education because they benefit from an ignorant populace. We can't let our society become less educated.
The student loan problem is a 2 part problem. The first is when it comes to people who currently have student loan debt. And the other is going forward. If only one part is fixed then it’s pointless.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
So personally even if the forgiveness as planned doesn’t go through, I say the new IDR plan is better long term anyway.
Let’s say for sake of argument $60K per year which would make the payments roughly $100 per month. So from there after the 20 years of payments, the total paid would be $24K. So make the federal maximum loan amount for the full college term $24K or very close to that so the government would break even (this way Republicans can’t complain).
So the next step should be to address the college prices. Though the government can’t force a college only charge whatever price, but they can influence prices. The easiest way I can think of to do this and at least try to be reasonable with the Republicans would be to essentially calculate what payments would be under the new IDR plan with average salaries after graduating for the major.
By doing that, colleges would either lose alot of potential students because less would be able to afford it. Or they’d have to lower their prices.
The change the laws regarding private student loans. So basically the private lenders could have a choice:
So if the rates have been flat and stay flat then there would be no issue on that end going forward. I’m the solution I gave, the schools could still change whatever they want. But if the government only gave a max amount like I mentioned and if private lenders didn’t stand to make as much and/or would have a massive amount of risk for a borrower defaulting, then students wouldn’t have access to as much money. Unless the students and/or parents already had money.
If a school wanted to charge $100K for a degree, but the government only gave $25K then the student would either have to come up with the other $75K or not go. It’d be that simple. If the school could operate like normal if student s decided to not go because of the price then there’s no issue in that case. But if the school couldn’t afford that and would possibly fail because of it, their options would be either to lower their prices and/or shutdown.