Sex, food, drink, drugs, work, sleep, video games, gambling, war, crime, collecting things, exploring, exercising, tanning, rum ham, flying, sailing, firearms, reddit, pooping, magnets, fishing, hunting, thinking, plastic surgery, tattoos, prison, knitting, racing, sky diving, music, snowmobiling, wild cats, TV, the internet, beard maintenance, overthrowing foreign governments, sandcastles, pornography, religion, cults, flags, politics, licking stamps, huffing paint, blinking, yawning, masturbation, punching babies, feeding ducks, karate, model making, star gazing, silly puddy, cartoons, laughter, fire, texting, dogs, research, dirt bikes, chocolate, emojis, and butter.
I still think my analogy is more appropriate than the nightclub one, because the developers probably did have an intent to cause addiction. They designed WoW in a way that they knew everyone is vulnerable to become addicted to. They had an obvious motive to get as many people as possible addicted, ideally everyone. This not like a nightclub owner who has no intent to harm a photosensitive person, and gains nothing from doing so.
This kind of lawsuit was successful against the tobacco corps, so who knows. Both are intentionally designed to exploit flaws in the human brain's reward pathways, and both are designed to cause the same harm. MMORPGs are especially bad for this.
If the intent is to cause the harm of addiction (a recognized medical disease), why does it matter how I go about doing it?
The core biological flaw is in how the brain reacts to certain stimuli presented in a well-known and easily predictable sequence. From a legal and/or moral perspective, does it really matter if the flaw is exploited to cause addiction via a chemical stimulus or a visual/auditory one?
Let's look at another example. On one hand, if I'm well aware that a person is sensitive to strobe lights and it's reasonably foreseeable that they will go into a seizure if exposed to them, and I intentionally shine a strobe light in their eyes, I have certainly committed a crime. On the other hand, if I slip a drug into their drink that is known for causing seizures in many people, I have also committed a crime.
I'd like to see it pursued from a different angle: the fact that they're marketing something they know causes harm directly to children. Just like the tobacco corps (and more recently, the vape corps) have been caught doing multiple times.