In Dhaka, with 10.3 million people packed in 305 square kilometers (117.76 square miles), the average driving speeds have dropped to less than 7 kilometers (4.3496 miles) an hour right now from 21 kilometers an hour 10 years ago. Given the current trends, a World Bank report has estimated it could drop as low as 4 kilometers an hour, slower than walking.
“It’s an extremely important development for a city like Dhaka,” Martín Rama, a consultant with the World Bank’s presidency and former regional chief economist for South Asia, said in an interview. “If you look at the case of India in many cities, it has changed a lot the way people go to work. It’s a safe means of transportation, for instance, for women, which in South Asia is not trivial.”'.
At the same time, Rama said it would be “naive to think that congestion problems will go away” immediately because every time a country builds public transport infrastructure and adds more capacity, 90-95% of the freed up road space is taken up by additional traffic.
People should stop seeing mass transit as a way to reduce congestion, or as a way to get all of the other annoying cars out of the way of their very important car, but simply as a better way to get from A to B for themselves.
Once you have enough mass transit to make it the fastest way to get from anywhere to anywhere else in your city, congestion will be reduced to the point that matches the door to door travel time on mass transit, but that's a side effect, not the goal.
If your goal is to get from A to B quickly by car in a dense city, you have the wrong goals. That's geometrically impossible, because if getting around by cars is fast, everybody uses a car, which makes it slow again. Car trips should be possible (for the few people who need to use a car/truck for a specific reason), but it shouldn't be the fastest way to get around, and cars should have to make detours around neighborhoods while pedestrians, cyclists, and transit go the direct route. That's the only way to reduce car congestion.
Hell I lived in that city and I still can’t believe how I even managed to survive day to day. The sheer insanity of it all is incomprehensible to a person who has not actually moved around in that city. God it feels like all that was a lifetime ago and I would be lying if I said I miss the chaos.