In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Even if the Supreme Court frustrated some Republicans by mobilizing pro-choice voters against them, they can take solace in the conservative justices’ more direct interventions in the American electoral system.
Yeah just wait until the SCOTUS decides that state legislatures can override the will of the people in presidential elections and choose the candidate they want to win instead. Let's say, for example, in 2024 Wisconsin votes for Biden(as they did last time) the Republican legislature would be able to say, "No, we get to choose the president" and they send in a slate of Republican electors instead.
I don’t think the comment characterizing redistricting decisions as delivering the House to Republicans is intellectually honest.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
The reality is that while gerrymandering skews representation within state delegations, the national results tend to shake out, even in the much less fair 2010 maps. There’s only one instance in the 21st Century of the popular vote winner not winning control of the House (and this was driven in part by incumbency advantage of those elected in the prior “red wave”).
In all of the hubbub about gerrymandering, which is a problem for a number of reasons, it seems to be forgotten that Democrats were the ones who came of the redistricting in better shape with analysts estimating a net gain of 6 D-leaning seats, with no net gains or losses for Republicans. In addition, the efficiency gap was all but eliminated, likely reducing the phenomenon of Republicans winning larger majorities when they win (they would largely get proportional minorities when they lost).
Dems have made huge gains in swing states with some trend of over-performing in states with balanced maps or states drawn by independent commissions. Dems are underperforming in NY and CA, where they control the map-drawing. The new NY districts where they’ve lost are largely pro-Biden districts, with some being D+10. Those are winnable races that they lost due to bad state campaigns in NY.
The bottom line is that even with the old maps, if Democrats get the most votes, they control the House. With the new maps, they have the same opportunity and with greater theoretical proportional representation advantages compared to the prior maps. If we end the midterms with less votes for Democrats, will we really blame the courts for them not keeping the majority?
It’s not helpful to obscure that with focus on gerrymandering - Democrats could’ve been well positioned to keep the House had they won in pro-Biden districts in New York and California. Two seats guaranteed to GOP through redistricting vs. a dozen winnable races on fertile soil lost at the ballot box.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.