In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
“Maybe we should actually try to appeal to them instead of writing the generation off ass lazy abd entitled.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
“Boomer generation is the most entitled. Got rich under Reagan and fucked the rest of us up. We need our own Reagan to inspire the Gen Zers.”.
Soooo… things are fucked/skewed because of Reagan, but we need another Reagan to make it right? Makes 100% sense.
They told you everything you need to know. They don't want to care about anyone else. They want someone who will (promise to) make them rich and fuck everyone else. It's not a contradiction at all. They want to be the ones who benefit from the system at the expense of everyone they don't like. They don't hate Reagan for making boomers rich. They hate boomers for being ones who were made rich and not them.
Many are saying how this was largely a safe seat anyway and while cool it doesn't matter, wasn't a flip, etc. etc.
It matters the same way AOC's election to the House in a safe seat matters: out with the old and in with the new. Across this country, the safe-seats should be filled with the most cutting-edge progressives and youth.
Why is this important? Because these are flagship candidates who tend to inspire demographics of this group to go out and vote across the country. Same thing happened in 2018 when AOC was elected and the Parkland Students were protesting and Getting Out The Vote.
It also brings issues to this generation at the forefront of Congress, making youth more engaged knowing that their age-group is starting to be represented and heard in government.
I think this is where we get it all wrong by letting the blind lead the blind as opposed to providing the vision for where the country needs to go. The best ideas, the most scientifically, ethically, equitable ideas should be promoted by Democrats and amplified across the board.
Otherwise we play into Overton Window that skews conservative and we let the blind set the narrative.
But Democrats are a coalition because they share broadly the same fundamental values related to the very things I noted. If it can be proven to lift all boats, then that's the direction we should go. What's the alternative you're suggesting, embrace ignorance and middle-ground fallacies? Poison the well with falsehoods just to oblige the blind? That's not a lonerm solution.