In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Oh we did atleast a bit but not in history most if my school knowledge about other continents cultures and countries outside of Europe comes from my geography/econimy not history class. We learned a lot about North America espacily the usa as an example diffrent places like the rust belt the great plains we learned about the economic system and the red scare. We also learned about Japan and their culture stuff like their school system their economy and how strict they are over there. We also did a lot on Australia we did the least amount of stuff about Africa mainly geography like names of rivers and mountain ranges. But we mainly focused on the trade triade of Europe the US and Japan as they are the 3 biggest economic factors of the time approximately 2012. So we learned quite a bit about diffrent places but a lot of history more like how it is now.
We don't even learn about that shit in Europe and I doubt you learn about that stuff anywhere in the world exept the middle east. History normaly only teaches things your country was involved in or the region that is now your country. As an example I am Austrian we learned all about medevil Europe espacily about the continent nothing about the Mongols or Britain we also learned nothing about China or Africa we than moved on to talk about 3 years of our 4 years history about ww 1 and ww 2 over and over and over again. I imagine it is like that everywhere like Americans will probably learn over and over and over again about the American Civil War and Japanese people about sengokushidie.
While primary and secondary school social studies usually doesn't include anything on history of science or mathematics, is it really possible to appreciate civilization without understanding the importance of science and math? If not, is it possible to understand the flow of science and math without learning about and acknowledging the part the Muslim world played from 700-1300 AD? Other than a paragraph or two on Al-Khwarizmi in an elementary algebra textbook, nothing when I was in school. Nothing at all about Ibn Sina and al-Biruni who could lay claim to be the founders of what we call the scientific method.
Or would this standard entail telling Virginia school children that one part of seeking that more perfect union required grinding Virginia into the dirt in the early 1860s? Indeed, that Virginia played a critical role in trying to fubar the union?
History usually involves learning about world history as well. It's actually disheartening that you didn't learn about other countries outside of Europe in school.
Re US, twice as much time is given to the Civil War than WW1 and WW2 combined. Not surprising about WW1 since the US was in it for less than 2 years, and having missed the monumentally asinine battles of the 1st 2 years when it seems no general from any European country had a fraction of a clue what machine guns could do, US casualties weren't all that horrible. Indeed, for the US, WW1 was a walk in the park compared to the still living memory of the Civil War. As for WW2, it usually comes so late in the school year that it's often handled in a single week: Japan attacks Pearl Harbor, US defeats the Japanese fleet at Midway, years of cutting off Japanese supply lines until we nuke Hiroshima and Nagasaki (2 days); Germany foolish enough to declare war on US, within a year Atlantic is a US lake aside from mopping up what remains of German U-Boats, wins in North Africa, Sicily, D-Day, blunting the German counterattack during the Battle of the Bulge, then on to Berlin to meet the Soviets (2 days); Yalta, Potsdam, Berlin Blockade, UN (1 day); done. In some places, e.g., Chicago, the invasion of Poland will get a fair amount of attention, but few other nations which didn't lose or wind up with permanent seats on the Security Council get much coverage.
Wanna have some fun plumbing the depths of US indifference? Poll Americans on which side Portugal and Spain were in WW2. Thanks to movies like The Sound of Music and Schindler's List, a fair % (maybe 25%) of Americans may still know that Sweden and Switzerland were neutral in WW2. With no movies about Portugal or Spain/Salazar or Franco, no such awareness among Americans.
In Austria we also spend a lot of time with the Habsburg monarchy line a lot of unnecessary time just learning about what lands we had how we lost them how we gained new ones and so on.