In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It’s ok to not agree with my analysis, and it’s ok to proffer your own, which you have declined based on your assertion that I’m somehow prohibited. Firstly I was prohibited by amateurism, now you’re claiming unprofessionalism. If your inference of a ‘gold standard’ is a reference to an ethical code, I assure you, I’ve contravened none, quite the opposite in fact. Further, I don’t need your permission to post to Reddit.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
People trained in that sort of thing, or just people who can read people know this by the first 3 things he says to them. Let alone doing any research on the guy from what exists in the public domain lol.
I mean like they investigated themselves and the guy came back saying the Russians were behind it but they fired that guy so problem solved. Back to work.
Also no one is saying what Biden did was "correct". I think everyone thinks what Biden, and also Pence did(lost or misappropriated classified materials) is wrong.
Intentionally taking boxes of classified documents and hiding them all over your house, letting known foreign agents onto your property during that time, then lying about having given them back not once, not twice, not three times, but four times with the help of legal aid(who now must get their own legal assistance), fighting the FBI and the national archives on their retrieval at every step over the course of multiple years, claiming they have been declassified with your mind, sending some to your uncleared staff who backed them up on the cloud and sent them in emails after shell gaming them around different properties - is a little different.