In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
More likely the base will move to more extreme sources who will lie to them even more lavishly, in the eternal search to find news presented by people who genuinely believe the same insane shit they do.
The problem here won’t be “you lied to us about the election being stolen?”, it will be “the election was stolen, you are RINOS who don’t truly believe it”.
I’m more familiar with the online right wing sphere than the TV stuff, I feel like I saw all I needed to of Newsmax when I saw a segment where they called Big Bird communist propaganda for saying the vaccine was safe on Sesame Street.
That sounds like the judge dunked on Carlson, but really it gives ole Pucker a blank check to say almost anything without being held accountable for it.
Edit: I think I misread something here. I was thinking about Fox being liable for all of the election lies and Jan 6, for some reason. If we are talking about the Dominion case specifically then yeah these texts are devastating. They show awareness that the lies they were spreading were, well, lies. Anyway, my bad.
Probably not. In a defamation suit, Fox claimed Tucker was just providing entertainment and not news. The judge agreed and said no reasonable person could think Tucker Carlson and his show were providing facts.
Republican voters, even the ones that don’t consume Fox News type media directly, all have it in their minds that “So what, CNN and MSNBC is just as bad”. It’s like yeah, Anderson Cooper and Andrea Mitchell would totally broadcast their shows from primetime in Hungry to endorse autocracy, and their content is similar to.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I am skeptical. Someone with standing will have to sue and present evidence of a causal link that shows Fox being responsible. That's a high bar for a courtroom (especially with Fox lawyers fighting it all the way).
It angers me more because it won't make a lick of difference. Their fans will still hold them up as beacons of truth, no matter what they say or how wrong it is.
I think I misread. I was thinking of suing Fox more broadly for the events of Jan 6 (some commenter here are also talking about that). That would be a super high bar but, yes, Dominion has a great case and Fox knows it.
Because Fox panders to right wing hate, and that hatred is the core of their belief structure. That hatred feels more true to right wingers than material reality or provable facts.