In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
And the assumption that you think the necessity for immigrants and my advocation for it necessitates an exploitable underclass is laughable. You realize there are a lot of avenues to not have that.. correct? We need the labor, regardless of your opinion and there are humane ways to get there. Don't put words into peoples mouths.
But, while we're here, what are the humane ways you mention of getting massive amounts of immigrant labor? What's your game plan for making sure no immigrant farm workers get exploited?
America needs both but its widely known that the US needs more immigrants and has been immigrant dependent on labor for quite a long time now. Even if we paid every single American a fair, livable wage, there would still be a labor shortage without immigrants, legal or illegal.
What's so special about immigrants that only they can do the necessary work? From what I can tell, the only thing that sets them apart from domestic workers is that they are more easily exploited.
Where are the labor gaps? Agriculture, transportation and manufacturing? Why can't Americans do the necessary work? There are so many well-paying jobs out there that are far less necessary. Our society just needs to get its priorities straight. Growing food is more important than des.
I have nothing against immigration, I just think it's ridiculous to insist that we need it, like that's the only route to a prosperous economy.
The simple fact is that even if we were to fill to employ every single employable American, there will still be vacant jobs. I'm not sure what's difficult to understand here.
Not every economy/nation needs immigration to self-sustain but the US is dependent on it, whether or not you agree.
It says a lot about you that you think all immigrants go to the fields or whatever exploitable labor that you're thinking of. You realize that most engineering, medicine, and other high level roles need legal-immigrants from other countries and they are still understaffed? I say that as someone who has quite a lot of personal experience on that subject.
Regardless of how you feel, the nation still requires people to fulfill these roles and in many cases, easing the immigration process and more government oversight will help a lot of this. Aside from that, I don't know what the proper solution is but for you assume that the entire situation is black/white (immigrants are obviously low level employees ready to be exploited vs Americans can fulfill all jobs no matter what even though they arent enough to fill all vacant jobs) says a lot about your life experience. Research birth rates, job growth and labor shortages and start from there. Evne without our declining birth rates, the US has always relied on immigration to fill the labor gap throughout its entire history.
Nah, American corporations need to pay competitive wages to entice workers. We don't need a laborer underclass. I think a lot of people grossly underestimate how many young Americans would love to work in a factory or move to the country and be farmers if it was actually a path to success and not a dead end death trap.
Even if every single American had a job with a fair and livable wage, there would still be a labor shortage. This is not a black/white situation like so many people seem to think. It's quite shortsighted to think our labor shortage will be fixed by simply employing every single employable American.
The problem they have is the anti work folks saying we don't have a labor shortage... But we absolutely do, and it's only going to get worse.
I think you're combining two different things. Yes wages need to go up, but also we don't have enough people to do the jobs we need done.
Immigrants could solve the labor shortage and also help with the social security short fall. We have too many olds and they're not dying as young as they used to... The only way to support them is more young people paying into the system... Birthrates have trended down for awhile now, so where are those young people going to come from?
For example we've had a truck driver shortage for like a decade, heavy machine operator for longer than that.. and a long list of shortages in the trades. These are jobs that pay pretty well, but society has told us for 30 years that blue collar jobs are failure, so more Americans go to college and no one wants to do physical labor.
But pretending that we should just pay a dozer operator the same amount a Dr makes is silly.. pay them well (they already are) we just need more people wanting to do this kind of work.
I think a common sense solution would be an immigration policy that prioritize skills that we are short on.. Australia has something similar to this.
I'm not saying we shouldn't have a higher minimum wage, I'm saying that's not going to fix our labor shortage.
Indeed says the average truck driver salary is 70k a year.. that's good money, maybe not per hour (they do work long hours) but that's above average and they can live anywhere so 70k on rural America is pretty good money... I'm not saying it's a great job.. I'm saying it's a job Americans don't want at any salary.