In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The requirements to receive PPP funds and then to have them forgiven were both so incredibly low that to get hit with fraud you had to either be incredibly stupid or so callously cynical that you're actively inviting an investigation. It was a freebie, and a comical proportion of the "job creator" class still couldn't handle the pressure of pretending to be anything other than a miserable leech for more than a handful of months.
I feel like maybe GOP plan is to just keep delaying it until 2024 and then campaign on it and be like “remember when Biden promised you student loan forgiveness but you didn’t get it” it sounds dumb but people will believe it.
Yeah I think he should defer them until Jan 19, 2025. If a GOP candidate wins the presidency, let it be their problem to resume payments after 5 years for people.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I keep thinking retroactively setting the interest rate at 0% would help way more people and by a bigger dollar amount. That way people can still pay back what they borrowed, but at least then the government wouldn't be in the business of profiting on the debt of American workers. Most people I know who still have student loan balance 10, 15 years after graduating have already more than paid back what they borrowed.
Maybe, but damn have they been vocal about saying "YOU TOOK OUT A LOAN, PAY IT BACK" and have been on the record of fighting student loan forgiveness tooth and nail.
If the the only people who should go to college are people who can pay those loans the workforce would collapse at in its current state or at least be much much older if people had to save up 6k a semester (which is what my school cost and that’s low imo) to go to school.
I've always thought announcing retroactive 0% interest on all federal student loans would be more politically palatable (it might shut up the "you took out a loan, pay it back" people) AND way, WAY more beneficial to way more people. Most people I know who still have student loan balances 10, 15 years after graduating have way more than paid back their principal balance already.
Some good news is the IDR rules are changing for student loans and so now if you're on one of those lower repayment plans, you're not going to build up interest like used to happen. I believe that takes place sometime next year.
Not that it matters but this is a dumb argument. Because if no one took out loans they couldn’t pay back there would probably be a huge shortage of professionals and a huge unemployment rate unless these jobs dramatically lowered their standards.
It's because of people like this that I think I'd be for a retroactive 0% interest and no forgiveness.
That's just criminal...or should be. I also took out private student loans and I've paid nearly twice what I borrowed. I'm down to the last $1,700 of private loans and I'll be paying that off if not this month then next month.
Need a lawyer or a doctor? Librarian? Engineer? Hotel manager? Teacher? Oh too bad no one can afford loans to go to school. It’s too risky they don’t know if they’ll be able to pay it back.
I think I'd get behind announcing retroactive 0% and no forgiveness. It might shut up the "you took out your loan, now pay it back" people and would help way, WAY more people than $10K/$20K forgiveness will. It would be easy easier to argue that people should pay back what they borrowed but that the government shouldn't be in the business of profiting off of student loans. Making it retroactive would in effect likely mean lots of people get refund checks. Most people I know who still have student loan debt 10, 15 years later have way more than paid off their initial principal balance already. It's the interest that keeps us in chains.
Agreed. I was 17 years old in 2001 when I, at the behest and encouragement of my parents, took out my first student loan.
That would benefit way more people and it's harder to argue against. Why does the government need to profit from student loans? Pay what you owe back with no interest. Most people have already paid well over what they borrowed back. I've paid nearly DOUBLE what I borrowed back and still have $17,510 left to go.
I'm sure he's fine with the PPP loan forgiveness "since it's for job creators" or some nonsense. They always find a way to not be ideologically consistent.