That's true. But it seems like less and less companies are allowing it. At the same time companies are either laying people off or aren't hiring. At some point you might not want to work in an office (not saying you particularly) but someone else will - whether the want to or not. Just out of necessity. Think the most difficult part about bringing people into the office is that many people have sold their home and moved out of the city, state, or in some cases the country. They moved to more affordable areas. That 100k they were making in California goes a hell of a lot further in Mexico. So having them just "show up" at work on Monday is a lot more complicated then these companies might think. Although I know for a fact - some of these companies that allowed people to work for home required them to stay locally. My brother and his wife both have remote jobs and they were supposed to stay in the immediate area and be available to go into the office at any time. That was like the 1 stipulation to working from home. If they were leaving the area they were supposed to notify their manager ahead of time and get it approved.
There is a competition thing here - the question is whether remote companies can out compete "on site" companies or vice versa.
On site companies are gambling that offices increase worker productivity enough to make up for these obvious financial advantages.
I'd say in specific industries where the companies is partly trading on grandure, like investment banking, it's super important to have a huge office block full of people in suits. But for back office work and less grand companies that put a lot of their staff in suburban offices and second tier cities, that isn't so important.
More broadly, I wonder if WFH is such a victory for employees as they think it is right now. Feels like it leads to an averaging down of salaries where Americans need to compete directly with labour in other countries, and an increase in expectations in terms of midnight meetings and "hit your targets or be fired regardless of the circumstances because just being present isn't measured anymore".