“While animals feed in their stalls, men and women in our world, in their hunger for wealth and power, consume even their neighbors, their brothers and sisters,” the pontiff lamented. “How many wars have we seen And in how many places, even today, are human dignity and freedom treated with contempt”.
Personally, I am hoping that we can develop hyper persuasive AI systems that will be able to remove beliefs from people with relative ease. People only believe the religious stuff because it was programmed into them from external sources. There is no doubt that there is a reliable way to overwrite these types of beliefs and we should be able to develop chatGPT like bots that can figure out what inputs would be necessary to break these people free from the nonsense.
People don't have autonomy of thought. Freedom is an illusion. Humans are born as clean slates and information is programmed into them over time. Their behaviors emerge from what is programmed into them.
You're forgetting a key thing. People use religion as a vehicle to deal with mortality. They find a religion that depicts a world they agree with and an afterlife they like.
It isn't pure brainwashing. However, some people do genuinely need to believe in a concrete afterlife to even function. It does serve an actual function for some people.
this is a HORRIBLE idea. you're talking about taking away peoples' autonomy of thought. you're talking about enforcing a way of thinking on people which is as close to mind control as you can get. this would quite possibly be the most cruel thing to do to someone ever. like you could argue torture of the flesh is worse, but idk, something about losing control of your own mind just seems much more horrific. And this isnt even covering how I know with absolute certainty that if someone ever created an AI capable of doing what you described then someone will abuse it in a truly truly horrific manner.
We just have to overwrite the information that causes them to fear mortality etc. You could overwrite their religious beliefs and simultaneously pump information into their brain that makes them estatic about dying.
They don't have to embrace the superstition though. The human brain is an input/output machine. We should be able to develop effective brainwashing techniques that can overwrite their superstitious inclinations and we can get the science at the same time. We can get the best of both worlds. Hopefully the artificial intelligence will allow us to figure out how to develop these capabilities.