"Kartysh accused Russia of "using culture to lend weight to its assertions of greatness and power" following its invasion of Ukraine in February.
Several associations representing Ukrainians living in Italy have also protested against the choice of Mussorgsky's classic work at this time. They have called for a different opera to be staged and for no Russian works to be put on until the war is over.".
This is incredibly stupid. The Russian government they're protesting against didn't even exist when this piece was made. Nobody was going to use 18th century Russian art to justify Putin's fascism.
I don't support such actions, but Russian fascists do use famous Russian artists heavily in propaganda. It's for justification of their "superiority" as a nation, which gives them rights (in their minds) to kill other nations.
Have fun listening to Russian culture which Russia wants to spread bc it's superior while genociding Ukraine and erasing theirs. Hope u have a blast.
Believe me, Russians do. Even Pushkin, who was murdered in a "duel" by a fairly typical, aggressive Russian soldat, is somehow not a warning, but an excuse for "Russia great, you small" thinking.
Russia bombed an arts theater in Mariopul at start and killed the approx 900 shelteting there and also killed a few famous dancers in their bombing of the city to the ground.
If you don't feel disgusted and understand how this is celebrating Russian culture AND at the worst possible time, than that's on you.
That's what comes to my mind if I were to go. This is Russian arts and Russia is genociding Ukraine for their culture including the arts.
Plus I hate operas. Lol. Completely not enjoyable at all to me. Yes they are talented but besides that one that everyone knows, not for me.
Don't be daft and obtuse. I never said that. And it doesn't matter who the authors / composers are and u know that. The point is being a part of / celebrating Russian culture by going to this.
The distasteful part is not on the composer OBVIOUSLY. It's on whoever thinks this is ok go hold at this time and anyone who chooses to go.
Have fun enjoying Russian culture while Russia is genociding a country. If u don't feel like u are covered in blood, that's your issue.