Ukraine needs heavy weapons in large numbers and quickly, while NATO seems willing to answer the call, can they answer it in time? Logistic hurdles, training hurdles, refurbishing hurdles, can NATO cut through all the red tape and rise to the occasion? Find out next time; on dragon ball z.
NATO should go all the way to the Kremlin before stopping. Or, just hear me out, Russia could go fuck itself and leave Ukraine entirely. It isn't theirs and they started this war not fucking NATO.
How far should NATO go in supplying Ukraine's increasingly desperate calls for more numerous and more sophisticated offensive weapons? What is Russia's red line before Western action provokes a massive escalation - possibly including the use of a battlefield nuclear weapon that could open a horrid new age of warfare and a risk of US-Russia conflagration?
"We are facing the collapse of the world as we know it, the way we are accustomed to it or to what we aspire," said Ukrainian first lady Olena Zelenska at the World Economic Forum in Davos on Tuesday, in the latest heart-wrenching and well-timed intervention from Ukraine's expert messaging effort.
"As this aggression has evolved, so too has our assistance to Ukraine," he said at a news conference with British Foreign Secretary James Cleverly.
Russia absolutely SHOULD withdraw, but too many Russian officials are afraid of looking weak. Putin and his cronies now may realize that invading Ukraine was a mistake, but by cutting their losses, they admit they failed to achieve their goal, and Russian culture is so “toxically masculine” that failure is seen as worse than starting a war for no good reason and committing mass murder.
Unfortunately and unjustly, complaints from “commoners” matter not to Russia. Protests within Russia, though seemingly rare, have existed, Macron has talked to Putin and there’s much footage of the Russo-Ukrainian War, but Putin refuses to be shamed or reasoned with.
Fear of nuclear war seems to be Putin’s one sensibility, meaning that using resistance, violent when necessary, to give Putin the choice between war and an even more dysfunctional Russia may be the only way to defeat Russia.
TLDR: If Putin cared about doing the right thing, this fucking bullshit war wouldn’t have happened at all, and since it has happened, all of Russia needs to be brought to its fucking knees.