In the U.S.A. Let’s not pretend Rome or Italy or most of the European continent have a lot in common with how the U.S.A. treats its incarcerated.
And yes, to any uninformed: one usually pays for the ‘privilege’ of those American bars. I’ve done so several times. So lovely to walk out and get (financial) charges while you’re leaving less whatever cash you went in with. I’d honestly forgotten about some of those costs (which aren’t restitution or court fees, just room and board basically) and it came out of my last tax return.
One also has to make bail/bond or have a short and minor enough history to make a PR bond (personal recognizance—they just trust you to show up to court and impose a fee (and warrant) if you don’t). Last time I bonded out was $1000. You get that back for showing up, but, ah, it’s tough to pull a sudden grand out of thin air.
It depends on the state and also if your found guilty. Like for instance, North Dakota doesnt charge you money to be incarcerated but Minnesota does i believe its $25 a day if i remember right.
ETA: neglected to mention…you don’t make bond? That $x/day you’re paying just keeps racking up til trial and sentencing (if it goes that far—usually people just fold because it’s not worth ANY of the output of fighting (mentally, financially, &c.). About 92% of criminal cases settle (IIRC from legal courses and who knows how current/relevant their numbers in various studies were—but IMO it speaks to a failure of advocates to be zealous advocates…which is actually a requirement of the ABA…).
My manager and professors were understanding and did their utmost to cover for a lot of absenteeism that I indulged in during my spiral, but that should never have been on them and after a while I stopped trying to communicate any of my problems. And spiraled harder. And became more absent. And had to dodge police visits to my place. And just sort of walked around for days on end not sleeping and not wanting to be at the apartment because that's where it all started. I was having at least five panic attacks a night at the beginning. The only thing that helped was just never being still or there--but you're kind of meant to be a homebody when you're on supervision or probation. I kept getting the memo and was self-destructive enough to not care whit one.
Oh gods. I’ve been doing my damnedest to stay free and out of sheer disdain I never kept the “receipts”/“bills”/whatever they actually qualify as, but 10+ arrests starts to take a mental toll on a person even if it’s only misdemeanors and petty offenses.
Christ, the first arrest (when I wasn't a dumbshit kid, so I guess the second) ended up being for "disturbing the peace" at my own apartment. Or an "offensive gesture" depending on what their computers returned--sometimes different things came back which always made bond paperwork kind of weird. I restrained my partner when she became violent with me and threatened and tried to commit suicide in front of me and I called 911. Lesson learned I guess. She attacked the first responders too, but I guess that didn't matter.
But yes. Most of the arrests were probation violations after the initial offense and sentence. Probably 10 were in a 16-month period. I wasn't out there doing crazy shit every week. But attendance at work/school (uni) were violations if I failed to be there and I spiraled hard after the first arrest and was eventually diagnosed with PTSD. So if you're not there (wherever 'there' is that you're supposed to be), that's a violation. "Pissing hot" (testing positive for drugs or alcohol--alcohol a few times in my case) is a violation. Not making it to your random UAs is a violation. How any of these are treated is basically up to your probation officer's impression of you. A thousand things are violations and I honestly don't believe that the system is meant to help offenders. I had some crazy thoughts every time I was in the clink and it definitely didn't help being around guys who were making some kind of life out of trying to be non-violent habitual offenders.
The arrest as a minor (for two felony counts of "receiving stolen goods") went DEJ and sealed, so it's never come up. Just kind of sat handcuffed to a bench for that one and never went to jail.
Not counting court fees and an attorney and whatnot--ballpark $3K just for staying in jail? That's an estimate of the 30days I spent in work release and miscellaneous dozen or so times I was arrested and only spent one to three nights there. Don't get arrested on a Friday. You won't be in court until Monday for your bail/bond hearing.
I want to say it was around $37 per diem? I did a one-month work release sentence too and that was more cher. I want to say closer to $80/diem. Per what the other commenter linked, I guess I didn’t have it too bad comparatively. I guess you could add the $15 per random weekly pre-trial UA to the unseen costs of being arrested too (frequency and price dependent on supervisor, alleged offense and testing location).
Only paid bond twice, but that'd be another $1500 (although I considered it outside the scope of the question).
Secondly so jail is just the local police office over night cells or something? Also as a European very confusing it’s like the American legal system is there to inspire fear in the general population rather than correct/house dangerous people.
A few things, to a European that screams of North Korea levels of oppression… land of the free my arse!
It’s been a few years since I ran afoul of the law (arrest guidelines changed during Covid in my area, in part) and I hope/intend for it to be a lifetime before I do again.
Like I’m Ireland we have unfortunately got career criminals with 270+ convictions and because all our sentences run concurrently and not consecutively you might only spend 2 years in jail for over 100 break ins… and even then your entitled to free legal add (every time) and it.
Before I entered the system, I always assumed incarceration was taxpayer funded too, but now I think I have even less of a clue how it works.