The Ukrainian national is currently in Ukraine. If Ukraine manages to capture him they'll most likely extradite him to the Netherlands as that would Garner them a lot of support and goodwill.
The Russians like to mop up loose ends. Capturing him would be an international incident that would make Russia look bad. You do the math.
ok I smashed some equations together, simplified, and substituted in values and it works out to 7.62x54r,but I don't know what 'r' means here so I'll leave it in that form.
I think you mean 7.62x51n, here right? And although that's certainly possible, following my inference you should get to 7.62x39r. Although the real curious part is if you choose some different initial conditions you can find yourself with 5.54x39r, which, get this, produces the exact same results!
I was thinking more along the lines of a Russian sniper rifle, but it probably would just be a mosin from the pile no one was willing to pay money for!
Surrendering might be his best chance at living a long life, albeit in prison. He's not safe in Ukraine, and Russia will put him in an unmarked grave, and it's unlikely he has a forged passport and a Cayman Islands account like some Bond villain but who knows?
After the war in Ukraine is over, handing over these criminals could be one condition for easing the sanctions. These guys aren't worth much of anything to Russia if on the opposite end they could get hundreds of millions of Euros worth of sanctions lifted. I suppose that Russia will rather kill them and hand over the bodies than see them humiliated in the Hague but in any case these people will live in fear for the rest of their short lives. To be honest I'm surprised if they haven't already been killed years ago.
Not by an official court ruling. The case has been running for 8 years now. This was the final verdict. They are now beyond a shadow of a doubt 100% convinced.
Russia will continue to lie and deny it was them, forever. That is a fact. And no one can contradict that, which means no witnesses. Russia will absolutely kill them. They kill people for far less than this. They are now a liability.