Who are you talking to here? You think Rishi and his cabinet are the people you’re replying to on this sub-Reddit?
The 17.6% figure probably refers to the pay amount. The negotiated deal means Rolls Royce workers will earn 17.6% more money over the coming years than they would have without it.
Yes, it’s a good thing that workers are being paid more and the cost is being funded by millionaires who buy luxury cars. Not only that but it increases the amount of dodgy money exposed to taxation. Win win.
I'm not sure you understand I helped and you did nothing when the come for us I will point my finger right at you.
Go do something useful if you actually feel this strongly rather than pretending to help by screaming into the online void.
Rolls Royce cars Are more beautiful than a nurse, and because of this disparity between these two things it's becoming clear that the over all respect for nurses has gone way down.
Rolls Royce also make airplane jet engine for the aviation industry, now it's becoming clear that a These are incredibly skilled workers that have trained and become expert crafts men and gifted technical engineering experts.
They got a few claps when the Chinese flu caused us all to be locked up these people had to still go to work to puff cigarettes and stock a few cupboards and they got a head as big as Jimmy Neutron with melanoma mass.
Now look at the average nurse you can have her legs spread after a few quick lies and a dozen shots of cheap tequila, the are often as dumb as rocks and it's a wonder how anyone even functions in healthcare around these bimbo's.
Easy to replace and mostly they are all thick as bricks it's amazing how anyone survives going in for medical care with these bunch of Pre Madonna's prancing around.
What gang runs the Sandy Hook area? I’d assumed Connecticut was a fairly nice place from when I’ve visited it.
So, how much money do you need to make to live comfortably in California? According to GOBankingRates, the yearly income needed to be happy in California is $149,310.