NATO and Soviet designs weren't made with the intent of fighting vehicles similar to themselves. NATO nations designed their vehicles with the intent of fighting Soviet designs, and the Soviets designed theirs to fight NATO's.
While other nations have already supplied vehicles to Ukraine, they were ones that were either unchanged Soviet designs or were upgraded variants.
The AMX-10RC is a wholly NATO design, as it was from France, who was a nation who never had Soviet designs in their arsenal that needed to be upgraded or replaced.
Similarly, while Soviet vehicles can easily fight ones of their own design, the war in Ukraine emphasized some critical design flaws, including some that Ukraine almost certainly wants to get away from. Most notably being the ammo stowage for the autoloader on the T-72/T-90 and T-64/T-80 designs. Where NATO nations store ammo in a separate compartment with failsafes such as a blast door and blowout panels to protect the crew in the fighting compartment should the primary stowage is hit and the the ammunition detonates, the Soviet designs instead placed the ammuntion in a carousel encasing the turret basket, meaning the tank's commander and gunner are surrounded by the ammunition. As a result, the crew are screwed in the event the ammunition detonates, and the vehicle will be a total loss, as you can see from wrecks in Ukraine, ones where the turrets are sent flying from the force caused by ammunition detonation.
In addition, Soviet designs are apparently very maintenance heavy, and actual Russian produced vehicles have been revealed to have severe quality issues. The maintenance part in particular has come back to haunt Russian forces, as a lack of maintenance for decades resulted in much of their armored forces breaking down, both prior to combat and being abandoned once in or near it. NATO designs, in contrast, don't have the quality issue and have been kept maintained even if the vehicles were sitting in warehouses. And as an added bonus, having NATO hardware can help easing into NATO standardization when Ukraine begins to attempt to join NATO, thanks to the Russian invasion.
glares at the continued use of 7.5mm French and the MAS-49/56 rifles until the adoption of the FAMAS.
It's ok, you can go more modern. The AA-52 was still in circulation until 2008. They replaced it with FN light machineguns like the FN MAG well before the Russians issued socks.
AA-52 was at least retrofitted in fairly short order to the F1 pattern, which brought it in line with NATO STANAG by using 7.62 NATO. The 49/56 stayed 7.5mm for it's entire mainline service.
MAT-49 wasn't non-compliant though. With the exception to the US, the rest of NATO was already using 9mm Parabellum for handguns and SMGs, so the MAT-49 wasn't anything unique there, just the blocky shape and folding magwell were the only thing that really made it different. Otherwise, in practice it really wasn't much different to something like a Sterling.
Kind of funny because people absolutely copy the French. They pioneered the turreted design of the tank, which was widely copied and licensed, and they invented smokeless gunpowder.
It was only true for the AK and then they tried to extend it to everything else, because they saw how well it worked for the Germans.
A shitload of Soviet AFVs up to T-80 were made in Ukraine. The first T-34 was birthed at Kharkiv and driven by it's lead designer and a team of engineers to Moscow to impress Stalin.
Yes other nations, namely the former Warsaw Pact/ComBloc nations sent vehicles to Ukraine, but they were of Soviet designs, which weren't designed with the intent of fighting other Soviet designed vehicles.
With the AMX-10RC, it is the first armored vehicle designed with the intent of fighting Soviet designs.
However there are other reasons as to which Ukraine is asking for NATO/Western designs that I touch on in a different comment.
So the title of the article isn't necessarily wrong, (cue Obi-Wan's "... from a certain point of view" line) it's just not worded correctly. Something like "first Western designed vehicle" is more accurate, but that doesn't mean the title itself is flat out incorrect.
Most notably the ammo stowage and autoloader design, which has proved to be a critical design flaw resulting in very easy destruction of Russian armored units. NATO nations have long since put an emphasis on crew protection and survivability, and have incorporated ways of helping the crew survive getting hit, especially in regards to potential ammo detonations.
The point for something like the 10RC is for a platform with a cannon that is more than enough to punch through T-72s and T-64s in Russian service, and be far more mobile to use in flanking or ambush roles. The latter of which is something that they may be expecting to need given the anticipation of a Russian offensive following the Winter.
Your comment is based on the assumption that they would be throwing them directly into the front head on like the Russians have been doing.
In addition, as a vehicle from a NATO nation, it wouldn't have the same drawbacks that the Soviet designs have. Even things like the the various BMPs and BTRs have rather severe design flaws that Ukraine certainly would wish to get away from. And that's also ignoring the excessively poor maintenance and quality that has been revealed in the Russian military's hardware since the outbreak of the war. Even simple things like the bore of a barrel on armored vehicles have been discovered to be wildly off center, which is not good for durability.
Yes, the 10RC is a far lighter vehicle than something like the T-72. However the Ukrainian government is certainly not oblivious to the fact and will use the with that knowledge in mind.
On that note too, Soviet vehicles have also been known to be maintenance heavy, which is impacting both Ukraine and Russia. Capturing abandoned vehicles only does so much for Ukraine, since even in the best case, such as the crew abandoning the vehicle from running out of fuel, much of what they can salvage will be limited as Russia's poor quality and maintenance means that components all over the vehicle can range from inoperable to nearly broken. Occasionally they may find parts in good condition, which they almost certainly pull from the captured vehicles to use in their already existing stockpile. NATO vehicles, in contrast, have been held to a higher quality standard and have been kept up with maintenance even when in storage for years. Meaning they are more likely to be in working order, and will arrive with the parts to keep them running.
Articles like this are not written for those with an interest in military hardware. They're written for the general public who's of military vehicles goes to "if it has armor and a cannon, it's a tank" and that's it. They don't for, for instance, know the difference between an IFV and anAPC, or an IFV and a MBT. All they know is "armored + cannon = tank", MAYBE "armor + tracks + cannon = tank". So they'll throw around "tank" very loosely. In this instance they using "light tank", a term that hasn't even been used for decades, to describe to the general public a vehicle like a tank, but lighter. Because, again, the general public has a very, VERY basic knowledge of military hardware.
The war in Ukraine is, in it's entirety, Russia's fault. The war would never have started had it not been for Russia, and the way the war ends is if Russia pulls out of all the Ukrainian territory they seized since the Crimean invasion. NATO hasn't been expanding Eastward, especially when one recalls that Ukraine made little effort to even attempt to join NATO prior to the Crimean invasion. Similarly, NATO is a voluntary, defensive alliance. The member nations aren't forced at the end of a gun to vote to join and take part. They vote to join up BECAUSE OF certain nations invading their neighbors and forcing them to vote to become annexed, namely what Russia is doing in Ukraine.