The prevention is the failure of the Russians in Ukraine along with the solidarity of NATO and other Western aligned states towards Ukraine.
The PRC realizes it has no opening to exploit and given the difficulties of Russian forces the technical capability to realistically seize Taiwan in the near term.
An actual blockade would imply China stopping and potentially seizing neutral shipping, including American shipping. The right of American merchants to go anywhere and sell anything around the world has always been policy and casus belli for the Americans. During WWI, America's eventual declaration of war on Germany was directly caused by German Unrestricted Submarine Warfare which killed Americans and impacted American sale of both war contraband and regular goods across the Atlantic. Moreover, at the beginning of the Cold War, the American-led Berlin Air Lift was a strong response to Soviet attempts at blockading West Berlin, as well as a potent demonstration of Allied logistics capability. So the case of a blockade on Taiwan, the United States would have all the moral and historical justification to call China's bluff by sending supplies to Taiwan, forcing China into an uncomfortable position, where they must take the loss, or fire on American ships and risk bringing America into the war.
You can’t just say you’re going to blockade a country —you must also enforce it. The waters around Taiwan are one of the most busy areas for maritime traffic. Lots of ships, not just those bound for Taiwan, traverse the Straits. Crucial imports and exports for Japan, South Korea and even China itself would be at risk. All three are net food and energy importers with an outsized export footprint, just like Taiwan. This means you can't just shoot at any ship in the area like the Germans did in the Atlantic, you must patrol, intercept, board and potentially seize merchant ships, a logistically challenging undertaking even if China had complete naval dominance in the area, which it does not. The chance of misunderstanding with a Japanese or Korean ship spiralling out of control.
China is also not immune from a blockade itself, and any belligerent would likely seize on China's dependency on oil imports from the Gulf and its food imports from everywhere as a way to retaliate in kind. In this, America possesses the ability to shutdown maritime trade in the Straits of Malacca, Hormuz, Suez and Panama, depriving China of its oil and food imports. There is also a risk of escalation as Taiwan, Korea and Japan view sea trade as a matter of existential threat.