In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Unfortunately I'm not sure how much longer America can peacefully exist when 2 ideologies diametrically opposed are fighting to occupy the same space.
It might not happen soon, but America is going to fracture under the pressure, and DT is the furnace that we are living in now in order to try to get to the other side.
The winning formula for the GOP is fear. Crime is up (It's lower than it was in the 1990s) Democrats want socialism (Confusing socialism with social programs Iike social security and affordable health care) They want to raise your taxes! (Meanwhile the GOP lowers taxes for the richest folks).
Republicans are scared to death of change. They hate it with every fiber of their being because then it means they have to change too. They see conservatism falling apart with every new generation, less religion, more open ideas around sex and love, more acceptance of people who are LBGTQ+, and are out of their minds with fear that they are irrelevant.
It is strange watching the human response to fear, and wondering what it will be like when I am the boomers' age...
Change is inevitable. We don't live in a 1950's world anymore and will never again, as much as Republicans wish we did.
They don't. The GOP knows this but all they have now is anger and fear to drive their voters. That's it. Everything they stand for belongs in a world 50-100 years ago. It's not relevant to the world we live in now. You can't expect 2022 to be like 1952, as much as you want to.
And he tried to raise me the same way, tried to make me a libertarian wannabe that wished he was born fifty years earlier.
My dad loved to talk about the 70s and 80s. To him that's when time should have stopped. In big as well as small ways, it was like he couldn't accept that time had moved on. Young people looking at smartphones, women and POC being in the workforce and more educated than him, self-checkout in the grocery store...it's like somehow all of it made him feel awful. You could sense that he no longer felt comfortable in the world and that he only felt safe in the nostalgic bubble he created in his mind.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I just don't get it. How do we stop ourselves from becoming so sad and bitter when we're old? It must require some combination of self-awareness, humility, and ownership of your insecurities. In other words, most people are fucked.