Updating more like. Expanding the amount of nukes that are functional. What do you suggest? A few extra makes no difference in the grand scheme of things. The amount we hold now would end the world easily.
I'm just saying there is little difference between hundreds and thousands, the end is the same if they are used. What do these officials saying this stuff want to actually DO about it?
The US doesn't inspect their entire military, and even the most corrupt Russian oligarchs know that a working nuclear arsenal is the only security they have for them to keep running their little kleptocracy.
Russia has a modern nuclear arsenal, as verified by 150+ on-site indistinct by US experts of sites, warheads, and delivery systems over the last ten years or so - half of those inspections were unannounced.
The US also has full access to all Russian telemetry data, in addition to other monitoring mechanisms.
To you maybe, but the larger nuclear powers think differently. The US and Russian Militaries wouldn't be completely wiped out even in a full scale war and they plan on fighting for the ruins left over.
The US has forces and bases covering the entire planet, even if the US and Europe were glassed, all the US carriers would need to be hit, all the US island bases too, the African bases, the Middle eastern bases, all US allies ( including Australia & Japan too), etc.
Russia has contingency plans hiding equipment and material in the middle of nowhere Siberia, not that they could really do anything substantial, but both governments still plan past the "End of the world".
It'd be easier to build a modern nuclear arsenal than it would be to deceive 160 inspections teams with the access they had across the entire country.
In any case, the failures of Russia in Ukraine are largely due to piss poor logistics, training (at the officer and enlisted/conscripted level), morale, and corruption. If tanks are ordered to advance unsupported and get destroyed, it's not an indictment of the tank. Same as if it runs out of fuel and is captured.