In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
In response, the paper’s editor, Joe Kahn, and opinion editor, Kathleen Kingsbury, made clear that the paper stood by its coverage. Now some of the paper’s leading journalists, including its chief White House correspondent, Peter Baker, have published a letter in reply, criticising the paper’s union and arguing: “We are journalists, not activists. That line should be clear.”.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
“He’s a nobody and a failure, and she’s a success, although he has all the ‘correct’ opinions. It’s really personal for people like that. He’s basically impoverished and will never have a proper career. They claim they’re socialists or whatever, but all I ever see is them viciously attacking people.”.
No one gives a damn about Bari Weiss, who is only relevant because powerful people keep her vapid viewpoints elevated. I've seen excerpts of this puff piece (which is essentially regurgitated from the half dozen PR pieces already put out about her) and it's laughably uncompelling. Like the author pulls a quote from Chapo Trap House where they are talking about her "University" down in Texas and how they are calling it vapid and fake and nothing there - as if an example of how she has wrongheaded haters. Then is forced to admit in the next paragraph that yeah the "university" doesn't really exist. Like imagine making Chapo look good, that takes serious effort.
EDIT: Went back and found the excerpt and it's honestly hilarious. If there is one thing to know about Barri it's that she's a deeply unserious grifter.