In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I don't even know if he believes what he's saying, but I know that there is at least a small subset of MAGAdittoheads who have been malinformed by at least a quarter century of shock jock opinion programming and reality TV entertainment passing for "politics" using their call and response "talking points" to shape public opinion and shift the Overton window so that complete idiots feel as though they are better informed about politics than everybody else.
Once they have convinced the "malinformed" that they are "more informed", that's where it starts to get dangerous. These people feel frustrated that either nobody will engage them on their baffling bullshit or that the responses are not what they want, leading them to have further internalized resentment and persecution complexes against their political opponents.
Some have recently begun referring to these forms of logical and rhetorical fallacies being used as bludgeoning psyops to incite Division and create a permission structure for violence as stochastic terrorism.
It was clear that “engaging” the batshit crazy claims was like being drawn into a mud hole by a pig that wanted to wrestle in it. Ignoring noise from the crazy right is the best way to proceed and save your sanity.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
My family members that push conspiracy theories can sit there and talk into the void because I have no intention to discuss any of that bullshit.
Well yeah, when people are saying shit like "I'd rather be wrong and conservative than right and follow a socialistic ideology" when they proudly don't know what half those fucking words even mean then it's time to just let them enjoy their sad, lonely, pathetic little self imposed isolation.