In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Even if the employee discount offsets a little bit of the profit margin, they still benefit by making more sales because their negotiating power increases with ability to buy more units and decrease the cost per unit. It’s such a greedy and short-sighted approach, and flies in the face of everything we were ever taught about capitalism and microeconomics.
This is the chief thing I’ve never understood about Walmart constantly depressing the wages of their workers. If they paid more then they’d just make more sales. Virtually nobody who works for Walmart is doing so well that they’d start investing in stocks, and they’re not going to shop anywhere else because they get that employee discount.
A corporation the size of Walmart certainly has the metrics so close at hand that they could easily adjust the exact percentages on employee discount by category to account for elasticity by leaning into economies of scale advantages while indemnifying themselves from any diseconomies of scale.
They always seem to be hoping for the day when the economy improves and they can sell all units at $500, and this is exactly, ironically, tragically why it will never improve.
Their reasons for not doing so are quite similar to the same reasons why prescription drug prices are gouged in the U.S. Corporations would rather sell one unit at $500 than 500 units at $1 each, even if they’re throwing away 499 units because it allows them to maintain an “advantage market.”.
And yet insulin prescriptions cost hundreds of dollars in the United States and between $6-$25 in the rest of the world. I’m starting to get the impression that the cost per unit matters weigh less than the cost they believe the market will bear. In fact, I think the latter factor is all they consider even when people die for want of the thing.