Florian Philippot is fortunately a 100% irrelevant politician as of 2022. He left / was pushed out of the National Front after the 2017 elections and then founded his own party Les Patriotes which advocates leaving the European Union, the Schengen agreements, the European Convention on Human Rights and NATO, and he's become a covid antivaxxer shamelessly spouting fake news and nonsense pandering to conspiracy-minded people from day 1 since the beginning of the pandemic.
Not that the National Rally is any better regarding Russia though: Le Pen and the party have been indirectly funded by Russia since at least April 2014 through a Russian-owned Cypriot bank and then a loan from the First Czech-Russian Bank the same year. Also before the latest Presidential election a former conservative MP Thierry Mariani joined the National Rally and led the 2022 media campaign for Le Pen, and that guy is a notorious Putin and Assad stooge, who's visited Bachar El Assad, Russian-annexed Crimea where he met Putin, and . Le Pen herself said in April that she supported the help to Ukraine but she, Bardella and other high-ranking party members keep opposing financial sanctions on the grounds that it supposedly hurts the French people and economy without affecting Russia.
The French far-right have been in bed with Putin's regime for a decade because of an ideological alignment and corruption, but you can also find various shades of bothsidesism and relativism/complacency among part of the far-left / radical left as well as a few hardline conservatives who haven't jumped onto the National Rally's vessel yet.
I've recently read about Thierry Baudet mentioning the Reptilians, so I'd say we're not there yet, but yeah the guy has gone completely nuts and somewhat joined François Asselineau (UPR) in this niche. He recently supported Nicolas Dupont-Aignan, another right-wing sovereignist turned into a supporter of Didier Raoult and hydroxychloroquine during the pandemic.
And to say he graduated from prestigious elite schools (HEC & ENA) and used to be the vice-president of the National Front from 2012 to 2017, appearing everywhere on political TV sets during Hollande's Presidency until Le Pen's 2017 campaign. Now he's become a noxious Twitter fury and many of his tweets tread a thin line between dumb anti-everythingness and a denunciation of globalism/the hell of EU supranationalism/Bill Gates/whatever. He got 4.62% of votes during the latest parliamentary election in his own constituency in North-Eastern France, so rest assured he's slid into irrelevance and become nothing more than a background nuisance now. Hope it's the same with Baudet...
The phrase “far right” has become a drug to some people. They see it and foam at the mouth…. It’s usually FUD 99/100.
The guy is a certified conspiracy théorist, anti-vax and 100% pro Russia. He borders on promoting flat earth. Something like 0.1% at the latest poll. Just forget him, he´s a joke.
Just an acronym for someone whose intent is to stoke fear and cause people to question things. Like stoking a fire or "stirring the pot".
This is a lot like what I thought of Trump before he got elected. Don't underestimate him because you think he's a fool, that's what he wants you to think while he rallies followers.
Trump had money and a solid political sense. This guy has none. He went from being the second leader of the leading far right party (the national front) to almost nothing, by doing the wrong choices during the covid crisis, while the National front is still thriving (albeit under a new name). I am very wary of some far-right leaders, but not him.