In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
And to be honest, the first question that popped into my head when I saw this was how much do people get paid to appear on the Piers Morgan show? Because I guarantee you he only appeared for money.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
"On those subjects". Haha. Trying to recover without fully admitting he is a fraud. The fact that he won't just give up his seat to someone who actually deserves it proves it all.
Santos lies all the time, for example I reckon he thinks he's the world's best liar, so saying "I've been a terrible liar" is in itself just another lie.
I feel worse than the lying, is that Santos is a really nasty, horrible, and potentially very dangerous person.
What a crock of shit. It absolutely was about tricking people. And I’m glad Piers Morgan said that to his face. The whole giggling Santos did after that is one of the things that liars do when they get busted. Santos is telling one truth, he is a terrible liar. And when he says he is a terrible liar, he means because he got caught. He lied terribly as opposed to smoothly.
And his "biggest regrets in life" was lying about obtaining a college education? Really? I would think that would be minor compared to lying about your mother dying during the 9/11 attack. Or lying about being Jewish just so you can appeal to Jewish voters. And then later on, he lied about his mother dying of cancer. He basically was just hitting on everything he thought would align himself with voters. But I am sure he will tell us he was just trying to be what is constituents wanted him to be.