In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Who could have know that creating a toxic environment where facts are actively rejected and wild, unfounded accusations are the highest and most important level of truthiness would turn out like this?
In less than two weeks, the race to lead the RNC—the first contested competition for the position since 2011—has devolved into private bedlam, a competition of personal animus involving anonymous email blasts, direct accusations of self-dealing and buying votes, an indirect electoral blame game, and RNC member doxxing.
By most accounts, Ronna McDaniel is in a solid position to win her fourth term as chair of the Republican National Committee. But the race to head the RNC is by no means a lock—and it’s shaping up to be one of the dirtier, more acrimonious fights among a political party known for dirty and acrimonious fights.
The attacks on both McDaniel and her challenger, former Trump lawyer Harmeet Dhillon, have rankled lonime members and forged strange alliances between the MAGA faithful and more traditional Republicans on both sides of the contest.
Former President Donald Trump has been conspicuously absent from the race, even with plenty of time on his hands during his sleepy presidential bid. But despite some vocal critiques from a few prominent Republicans, sources within the RNC say McDaniel has the votes heading into the committee’s next meeting in late January. On Monday morning, McDaniel supporters circulated an endorsement letter with more than half of current RNC members signed on—more than the majority she needs for re-election.
However, Dhillon is keeping McDaniel on her toes, and RNC members told The Daily Beast that some of McDaniel’s supporters aren’t as decided as they’re letting on.