In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The General Assembly also argued that the maps were driven not by race but by legitimate political interests like preserving the state’s 6-1 ratio of Republicans to Democrats representing South Carolina in the House of Representatives.
Racist state politics fix the game and federal judges kick it back to the racists who don't change. In the mean time it's business as normal for election results. Sickening.
Not necessarily. The term of art you're describing is called the Efficiency Gap. The Roberts court generally said that this wouldn't be a measure the court found practicable. So if I understand correctly then states with high EG may or may not violate equal representation.
Did the popular vote represent a 6:1 ratio? I feel like no one ever talks about this when discussing gerrymandering cases. The districts should reflect the popular vote (at least the prior one). If this was codified into law it would also incentivize people who live in safe opposing party districts to go out and vote anyway and boost their party's popular vote tally.
There are gerrymandered districts required by law (specifically the Voting Rights Act). You can look up the term minority opportunity districts. I'm not an expert on VRA but the Shelby case (invalidation Section 5) didn't eliminate them due to Section 2? Confusing area of law for laymen.
But if Roberts took a strong stance on gerrymandering and didn't kick it back to Congress and states then I don't see how legislation like the VRA could work. Gerrymandering was the Federal remediation to historic wrongs like Jim Crow.