Russia always loses alot of soldiers when they go to war. Whether it's losing to Germany in WW1, struggling against Finland, winning agai st Germany in WW2 but still losing a gargantuan amount of men, their war in Afghanistan, against Chechnya, and so on. Whether Russia wins or loses, high casualties is just how Russia does war.
The amazingly depressing thing is that this is likely the reason that Russians have such dysfunctional relationships both between themselves and between themselves & the rest of the world. Kind of hard to value anyone else's life and problems when you're struggling to survive an uncaring, sociopathic regime's pointless war.
Survive? The majority still support him. Not just the uneducated. Olympic athletes are proud about their country invading ukraine. Time to stop thinking about russians as victims.
Russia could have been an economic monster but like most of the world, greed and self interest rules. It will always get worse in Russia now that they are past the point of no return. Maybe in 500 years they will dig their way out but for the near future Russia is dog shit.
I suspect the Czars think that invading (again) in the winter would mean that they are not stuck using roads and lining up a 50km long A10 Hog pilots wet dream. Czar Putin made the mistake of waiting until Emperor Jinping gave him permission to invade - the Emperor did not want his Olympics disturbed. That was the price to pay. Emperor Jinping only agreed to supporting Czar Putin's invasion on the condition Russia also supported glorious China's invasion of Taiwan which was scheduled but cancelled. Waiting for the Olympics to conclude meant the Czars army would have to use roads and get slaughtered.
Would it be too much to ask that the US donates a handful of older A-10s to Ukraine just in case the Czar sends another long line of cannon fodder. I am certain the old dudes that designed and sold the A-10 (50 years ago) thought of exactly the scenario we witnessed. Where the Czar railroads ended they would have to use road and be eradicated. I wonder if the ancient A-10 has a way to slow down the rate of fire so they can erase many kilometers of the Czars cannon fodder.