Some of the Snake Island soldiers who famously stared down death by telling a Russian warship to "go f--- Yourself’ have been freed in a prisoner swap.
"We managed to free 12 of our people. The soldiers who defended, in particular, Mariupol, the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant and the Snake Island are going home.".
Well they did tell a Russian warship to F itself after being bombed with missiles, knowing they only had grenades and rifles..
In footage posted online, about a dozen soldiers can be seen walking towards a white van and what appear to be military vehicles waiting for them. Their location is not clear.
When the airwaves from the strategic island outpost in the Black Sea later fell silent, they were presumed killed. It later emerged, however, the 8 border guards, 50 soldiers and two handymen had survived and were being held as prisoners of war. Some were later released in a prisoner swap in April.
Moscow and Kyiv have carried a series of prisoner of war swaps lately, with both sides handing over 50 POWs on Thursday.
The Snake Island soldiers became symbols of heroism and resistance soon into the war after they refused to surrender to threats from the Moskva warship.
Reacting to Saturday's news, one Ukraine resident said on Twitter: "God bless our heroes Thanks to everyone who brings them home".
They made the smart choice, doesn't diminish that they did tell a Russian warship to F itself after being bombed with missiles, knowing they only had grenades and rifles..
Or are you willing to emphasise on them surrendering, while leaving out the part where they tell a Russian warship to F itself after being bombed with missiles knowing they only had grenades and rifles, for a different agenda??
Tbh, your repeated questioning in the comments of what makes up heroism in this case IS kinda sus tho, resulting in your downvotes.
the only reason i got downvoted is because reddit is a propagana spewing website. im guilty of wronhink. nothing more. they did not fight. they surrendered. and are heroes for not surredring. makes no sense.
I did explain you they did tell a Russian warship to F itself after being bombed with missiles, knowing they only had grenades and rifles.. knowing and having been threatened with bombing.
Hours later, when they got jumped several to one and they were standing there russians aiming asaultrifles at them from meters away, they surrendered.
If you can't understand that, you're either ZuZpiciouZly unwilling or mentaly unable to. Either way, discussion is useless.
Free world is against Russian oppression and it's apologists, a true shock to us all, who would've thought?
I did, when i told you they did tell a Russian warship to F itself after being bombed with missiles, knowing they only had grenades and rifles.. knowing and having been threatened with bombing.
tell me why I'm sus. please make it make sense for me how you can surrender without a fight. but still be a hero for not surrendering.
Hours later, when they got jumped several to one and they were standing there russians aiming asaultrifles at them from meters away, they surrendered.
If you can't understand that, you're either ZuZpiciouZly unwilling or mentaly unable to. Either way, discussion is useless.