In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
They’re not, it’s still on the books as a vestige of a law that was supposed ban handguns and this was included to close a potential loophole in that regard. The handgun ban was eventually taken out of the bill but this never was. It’s really dumb but you just can’t get past the optics of removing a gun control regulation these days, regardless how irrational the law may be.
Originally, the national firearms act of 1934 was going to defacto ban handguns. Some bright spark pointed out that one could simply cut down a rifle or shotgun barrel and stock to make an unregistered handgun. So, the loophole closer categories of short barreled rifles and short barreled shotguns were added to the NFA.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Then, they removed handguns from the NFA to get the law passed. Buuuuut left the loophole closing SBR and SBS categories in. Because :clowns:
They aren't. The original NFA included handguns as well and the short barreled rifle and shotgun restrictions were intended to prevent workarounds. Handguns were removed as it wasn't going to pass otherwise but the restrictions meant to prevent workarounds didn't get removed and so became law. In all reality they should've been removed when handguns were and I don't know why they weren't.
Yep, shouldn’t have been in the final draft in the first place and we won’t even get rid of it now that it’s causing a bit of an enforcement fiasco. Truly shows that it’s all gun control purely for the sake of more gun control.
SB Tactical alone estimated they've sold or licensed some 9 million braces in one of their hearings.