I can't imagine the soul crushing life those residents endure every day, living next to a 200 foot tall mountain of garbage rotting in the sun.
I'm sure India has some nice spots but I can't remember the last post I saw that didn't portray the country as a post apocalyptic disaster.
4.2 stars, “The Mount Everest of Delhi” “Most scenic sites I have ever visited” with a Canadian tourist marveling at the kite flying.
Indore is probably the cleanest city in India and that's because the mentality of the people there involves them in trying to keep their city clean as much as possible. If you throw garbage around, people would beat you up instead, from a personal expereince that I faced. India, more or less needs to follow the same ideal and only then the country would start to be clean.
Is it the population that mainly drives this? I guess I’m wondering to what degree this can be mitigated given India’s current circumstances.
Urban planning needs to be improved and waste management system needs to be revamped from what it is now. The government does understand this and that's why single-use plastics are banned here, which is a good first step. Those plastics used to clog up the drainage systems thus creating further problems.
Jesus that sounds bad. I mean, what can be done to improve the situation in India, that doesn’t involve less people being in India.
Now don’t get me wrong on this, we shouldn’t be using plastic straws or plastic cutlery, or plastic bags. But we are still chill with using plastic... everything else. If you drink water from a plastic bottle, ever, that’s a lot of straws and bags. And before you say “but recycling!”, recycling is a scam. It was invented by soda companies to put the onus of plastic waste on the consumer. Recycling plastic is basically a myth. As Canadians, we are Fucking up the environment, per person, infinitely more than Indianans, based on our “mentality”. Now I don’t know where you hail from, but if it’s North America, why do you think the mentality in India is worse then yours?
1: what was your personal experience? Maybe I’m jumping to conclusions, but it sounded like somebody tried to beat you up for littering lol. So what happened?
2: I live in Canada. And Canadians pride themselves on being all green and shit. This is nonsense. Canada is fracking like there won’t be a tomorrow because of all the fracking, as we rejoice in our historic ban on single use plastics.
People throw garbage on the streets even when dustbins are around. If you ask them why don't you use the dustbins, they will be like "Why do you care?". These same people on the other hand would keep their homes neat and clean so I dunno why they refuse to keep the public places clean.
I’m used to the “nu-uh” knee jerk reaction. For whatever reason, telling people that recycling plastic basically amounts to throwing it in the garbage, really pisses them off.
Well my issue isn't that they portray the bad side (and India has a quite a lot of it) but rather its only about the bad side, which makes it sound like its an unlivable place from the outside.
As for the rubbish, that's exactly the mentality part I discussed above. As long as that doesn't change, you'll find rubbish everywhere. It isn't because of overpopulation like someone said above.
People from the West has a misconception that the government pours a lot of money into it, when in reality they actually don't. ISRO learnt to work around it and makes things work as cheaply as possible.