It's a stupid gamble to make. There's evidence of them testing ICBM, nearly ready for service this year. Their hypersonic game isn't bad. We are talking new weapons, not the cold war relics you're willing to bet on failing.
Russias nukes are handled by a separate wing of the armed forces. Not much known. NATO believes their competent enough though evidenced by the wide berth on all manner of things.
What they are doing, it's working. So far. NATO is doing just enough to turn the tide without crossing the line. That is only possible because of the strenh of the Ukrainians.
I hope it doesn't go there, because I don't have any illusions. Whether it's the US, Europe, somebody's getting hit in a nuclear war, and hard. The payback will be overwhelming of course but that's little comfort really.
Thanks for the info. I’m not suggesting we unnecessarily poke the bear. At the current rate of the conflict, Russia appears overextended and all Ukraine/NATO needs to do is defend.
It can't go nuclear because where would it stop? Russia has used their nuclear shield at every turn, and it's bullshit but it has to be respected. The same way that Russia has to respect NATO's. It's the same dynamic that allows the US to arm Ukraine to the teeth publicly. The Russians don't want it to go there either.
I don't believe that Russia should remain largely untouched while they torment Ukrainian people and infrastructure. Somehow they should be able to fight back in kind, except military and government instead of civilians.
2) nukes are fucking expensive to maintain. Like, one of the issues that bankrupted the ussr expensive.
1) Russ manufacturing is slow. They only ever built so many hypersonic missiles, and stockpiles are running low.
3) rus nuke maintenance cycles is a 10 yr requirement. The nuclear material needs to be replaced every 10 years or the nuke loses power rapidly. Us nukes are 30 year cycles.
4) nuke treaty inspections had us air force inspectors walking into flooded silos hilariously often.
5) rus has a long and ugly history of building what they want without doing the necessary legwork for maintenance infrastructure or just supportive infrastructure in general. Look at their entire navy lol.
I’m still not saying we should run out and just start kicking them, even if only 20% of their on paper nukes are real it’s still a problem. I’m just saying expecting their nuclear program to actually still be effective is, well, a bit of a stretch.
All that said, nuclear war still wouldn’t be the end of the world. According to publicly available nuclear treaty info, there really aren’t any more city buster sized warheads left. Most nukes are 800kt or smaller now, and intended for tactical and not strategic use. What’s more, in the 90’s nuclear strategy evolved away from targeting population centers and is focused on military strategic targets (read; ports, airports, mil bases, resources).
Not that we want to test that theory, but we shouldn’t bow down to whatever demands because of that threat.
No that is false. The current path we are on gets Ukraine back without Nuclear weapons. There is no premise to saying the alternative is being held hostage. Hostage by what? Ukraine has almost all the momentum and NATO has stayed out of it. There is no alternative, steady as she goes.
That’s kinda my point. Russia can barely supply troops for a offensive on the border. I would not be surprised if their nuclear arsenal is equally in disrepair, let alone have sufficient operational ICBMs to deliver them.
With modern nuclear weapons proximity is hardly a factor. Considering Russia has no known ABM systems I'm aware of, theoretically missles launched from anywhere would have strong success hitting there.
Western systems would catch some but there's not an ABM system in the world that can save anyone when there's 300 birds in the air.
The key is not letting it get there. These entities have spent unfathomable amounts of money to ensure the ability to be able to destroy one another. More resources than anything else.