Like all the laws that are already in place that many governments and agencies have already been caught breaking by whistleblowers? How about we just don't move forward with this at all and ensure personal autonomy and privacy.
But yeah... as the governments have been shown to not be willing to do it correctly repeatedly, not doing it at all is the preferable alternative.
Anyone who supports this and thinks it's a good idea needs to take a serious step back and evaluate all the ways this can be abused by any and all governments and corporations involved, as you can guarantee this won't be solely in government hands, not that that would be good either. Neither situation would be good, regardless.
Then look at the horrific nature of potential abuse with the proposed CBDC's being tied to a Digital ID.
After that, then we can discuss security, increased issues and vulnerability with centralized banks of highly sensitive information, data breaches, identity theft, ransomware, human error etc. and of course privacy issues. Governments get hacked all the time and this infrastructure has a big shiny red target on it. Third party corporations working in tandem with the government just get a treasure trove of new data points, provide another access point of vulnerability, and another way to profit off human beings data being treated as a commodity.
My beef is not that they have the data as they do it's that it is only "easy" for the people who have mobile phones with connectivity, for the people who don't they become even more marginalised and isolated . Special rules for them does not help as people will proritise the easier to deal with.
None of this is a good idea for personal autonomy or privacy. I don't care if they try to sell it as convenient and for your safety, which in and of itself is bs, it's ripe for abuse any way you slice it.
I don’t care if they hold the data already or not. This is digital infrastructure for implementing social credit scores and will be used as means of surveillance. More concerning is the potential for even more longer term nefarious abuse as governments worldwide roll out CBDCs. “Ease” and “convenience” are sold in as benefits as your rights and privacy gradually slip away.
Not to avoid discussion, but there's just too many outcomes depending on what the objectives of the hacker would be. Someone looking to profit off identity theft on the dark web, with millions of people's sensitive information is going to be very different than a state sponsored hackers motives and capabilities. And it also depends just how far they get into the network, what other infrastructure is tied to said network and if they access it directly from the government infrastructure or a third party. Here's some links to peruse if you want, since it's already happened to Argentina, China and a few other countries:
High level view of hacks that compromise personal information, a halt to services and to shut down infrastructure against governments (plenty more than this):
This is all before a multitude of other issues given the long term end goal is to include... Banking, Taxes, medical information, travel, ecommerce (all our purchases), Internet activities, government services and telecom. It's incredibly invasive what they want the end product to be, not only for hackers, but also for personal autonomy and privacy.
There's a significant amount of data to support all its issues, more than I've posted, but this is the gist of it.
You're correct, but not in the way you think. It would be an easy place for hackers, especially state sponsored hackers, when everything is centralized like that. This is basically the SuperBowl or World Cup of hacking trophies. Don't know if you've noticed, but the globe isn't exactly hugging their differences out. Not a good idea. Let alone all the other issues this raises.
Think of it this way... If you store all your money in 5 different banks and one gets robbed, your loss is 20% because 80% of your money is elsewhere. But if you store all your money in 1 bank, and that bank gets robbed, your loss is 100%.
And of course, now with the rise of quantum computing, a single entry point is even more insecure than it was several years ago.
I'm not being an alarmist at all. I used a basic example that anyone could understand to speak to centralization vs decentralization, and the fact that you jumped to criticizing me, after accusing people of not being open to discussion, is super hypocritical since its apparent you're not actually open to discussion yourself. We'll agree to disagree on this and leave it at that.
Again: this is not about digital IDs or the date the government has about you. It's about creating the framework to then advertize "safe online activities" by using your ID as identification. And they are even dumb enough to say that part out loud...
No,they can't. Because -as you said yourself- "that would be beyond the Great Firewall of China that is easy to get around anyway.".