If you are out to kill innocent people and you are funded by the Palestinian Authority to do so, at the minimum fo of Israel.
At least from the article, it doesn't seem limited to people who take money for killing someone. I think it covers everyone who takes money from PLA, which would be all sorts of prisoners and detainees AND their families, not necessarily just killers and terrorists.
The PLA is a terrorist organization. If you don't want people to think you're a terrorist then maybe don't be on the payroll of a terrorist organization.
If you are a widow with kids and that's your only income, which some of the articles suggest is the case for a ton of people, it's pretty harsh to take away a citizenship for taking money from anyone, whether terrorist or no. The money is obviously an excuse to kick the widow out, nobody is buying the story that this is a legit counter terrorism move.
Idk, if china paid us citizens to commit mass murders of American citizens, I doubt they would receive a more lenient sentence, most probably charges of murder and treason and be put to death. (Same would happen in any other country).
If you have seer powers you should have done more to prevent catastrophes like the earth quake that recently hit turkey.
If they are convicted of terrorism, sentence to the max sentence of life imprisonment, and received pay from the PA for their acts, they would. The same standards apply to all, Arabs, Jews, druze, Armenian, circassian and anyone else.
I gave you an example of worse punishment given for similar crimes, Israel is being lenient here (compared to the rest of the world).
I give a D- for not understanding the proposed law, international penalties for similar crimes, and bad faith in general, please have your parents sign your comment by tomorrow.
Because their husbands went out and murdered Jews in cold blood for being Jews in the Jewish homeland.
They're not widows because their husbands died of leukemia and the PLA is just so gosh-darn nice as to support them, they're widows because their husbands comitted terrorism.
In the rest of the world accepting foreign funds to commit mass murders against your fellow citizens would be treated as treason and would carry a death sentence, Israel here is being extremely lenient in their punishment.
Reinstated in 2009, Russia is also infamously been executing their own soldiers for fleeing from battle.
While some European countries have completely abolished the death penalty (as did Israel), most of the world still practice it, especially for crimes like treason and murder.
A prerequisite for taking someone's citizenship is them being funded by a hostile foreign entity (like the PA's martyr fund) to commit murders and them being convicted of terrorism and sentence to the maximum sentence of life in jail, it's a high bar to achieve.
All of this is not relevant to the validity of the law, any law can be abused by any government in any country.
That's 100% certified bullshit. They certainly wouldn't lose their citizenship, and Israel won't take away the citizenship of a single Jewish citizen, no matter what crime they commit. We aren't talking about china or the death penalty, but you get a C- for that attempt at deflection. At least it was short.
No, it's not. If they want to take money for murdering Jews then they should not be allowed to live in the Jewish state.
Just because you don't like a government doesn't mean this law is bad/invalid and certainly not the first of it's kind, western countries have been striping citizenship from ISIS volunteers for years now.