In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
An extended primary allows a candidate to start without a nationwide organization, and build out as they gain momentum.
Granted, some benefits arise from extending the process: it gives more time to create interest and excitement, successive votes progressively thin the herd of candidates, which lets voters learn more about less of them. But following a sequence of states ought to be the silliest way to proceed. Is that from the days of travel by horse? The first state to vote knows the least about the candidates but has the most impact. It's backward. And they can't change their mind later when they know more. And some states may never get a say at all.
The US President has enormous power. I’d favor a parliamentary system if we were starting from a drawing board too, I think, but let’s not act like the American presidency is some symbolic office.
On the cynical side, it allows the grifters to drag the process out and waste much more money. It also lets the establishment decide who will pick the winners. Clearly Biden wants to start somewhere that will get him a win, not somewhere that progressives have a foothold.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I didn’t call it a stronghold. There is a big difference between having a foothold - somewhere that they’ve established some level of influence- and a stronghold. There is no progressive foothold in SC. I said Biden wants to start somewhere he (or his chosen successor, probably Harris) will win.
Frankly, I prefer the parliamentary approach of the party selecting the executive nominee. We (the US) place way too much emphasis on selecting the executive who has relatively little power in our government.
Not symbolic, but the attention given to the Presidential election is way out of proportion to the President’s power to deliver on policy. Meanwhile Senate and House races often boil down to what letter they have next to their names.
Another way to put it…it’s possible for the guy who starts out with less to win, but not if he continues with and finishes with less.