In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
They found some, were concerned that there might be others, so actively looked for them, and when they found some they handed them over immediately.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I don't think you'll find many Biden sympathizers here. Nobody really likes him, but damn is he the better alternative.
If now-President Biden or anyone working with or for him had committed an offence, they should have to have known they had the documents. Something you might prove with a series of requests, discussions and subpoenas from government officials asking for them...
Reminder that the search warrant for Mar-a-Lago relied on potential offences under 18 USC 793(e), which criminalises anyone who "willfully retains [sensitive information] and fails to deliver it to the officer or employee of the United States entitled to receive it" [emphasis added], and offences under 18 USC 2071 about anyone who "willfully and unlawfully conceals, removes, mutilates, obliterates, falsifies, or destroys" government documents.
For anyone asking when the FBI is going to raid President Biden's properties, the FBI doesn't need to because there is no reason to think that people working for President Biden aren't doing that themselves; if anything we have proof that they are.
On the contrary: the democrats do a lot of wrong, but it's important to highlight in parallels like this the difference in behavior and processes between this president and the last.
Did the person intentionally drink alcohol before driving or did someone slip them a roofie and it started kicking in while they were driving? Should the person go to jail the same in both cases?
It's essential to determine how the documents got there / why they were taken and specifically by who, and if intentionally.