In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
"Bear in mind, ladies and gentlemen, that every time you violate or propose to violate the free speech of someone else you, in potentia, you're making a rod for your own back because the other question raised by justice Oliver Wendell Holmes is simply this: "Whose going to decide? To whom do you reward the right to decide which speech is harmful? Or who is the harmful speaker? Or to determine in advance what are the harmful consequences going to be that we know enough about in advance to prevent? To whom would you give this job? To whom are you going to award the task of being the censor?" Isn't it a famous old story that the man who has to read all the pornography in order to decide what's fit to be passed and what's fit not to be, is the man most likely to be debauched?
Did you hear any speaker in the opposition to this motion, eloquent as one of them was... to whom you would delegate the task of deciding for you what you could read? To whom you would give the job of deciding for you? Relieve you of the responsibility of hearing what you might have to hear? Do you know anyone, hands up do you know anyone to whom you'd give this job? Does anyone have a nominee? You mean there's no one in Canada good enough to decide what I can read or hear? I had no idea but there's a law that says there must be such a person or there's a sub-section of some piddling law that says it. Well to hell with that law then, it's inviting you to be liars and hypocrites and to deny what you evidently know already. About this censorious instinct, we basically know all that we need to know and we've known it for a long time. It comes form an old story about another great Englishman, sorry to sound so particular about that this evening, Dr. Samuel Johnson the great lexicographer the author of the first - compiler, I should say - of the first great dictionary of the English language. When it was complete, Dr. Johnson was waited on by both delegations of; the people to congratulate him of the nobility of the quality; of the commons; of the Lords; and also by delegations of respectable ladies of London, who tended on him in his Fleet Street lodgings and congratulated him: "Dr. Johnson," they said, "We are delighted to find that you have not included any indecent or obscene words in your dictionary." "Ladies," said Dr. Johnson, "I congratulate you on being able to look them up".
Hi robotlover12. Thank you for participating in /r/Politics. However, has been removed for the following reason(s):
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
the best way to fight against this bill is to call your senators. however if you're short on time call chuck schumer (senate leader) and tell him NOT to include this in the spending bill.
Your headline must be comprised only of the exact copied and pasted headline of the article - ) We recommend not using the Reddit 'suggest a title' as it may not give the exact title of the article.
The ALL CAPS and 'Breaking' rule is applied even when the actual title of the article is in all caps or contains the word 'Breaking'. This rule may be applied to other single word declarative and/or sensational expressions, such as 'EXCLUSIVE:' or 'HOT:'.