Will there ever be a resolution to determine the fate of Nagorno-Karabakh / Artsakh? I can't imagine that the Armenian and Azerbaijani people want to be in this situation forever.
It is clear and evident what the current Azerbaijani regime intends to achieve by this (now going on for over one month) blockade of the single road connecting the Armenians of Nagorno-Karabakh with Armenia proper and the outside world.
The people of Artsakh have a well-deserved reputation among Armenians for resiliency, but even the bravest and most resilient have limits. With no incoming food, medicine, electricity and now internet, the people will have no choice but to leave. As a result, Azerbaijan will finally get what it always wanted; an ethnically cleansed Nagorno-Karabakh thanks to a bunch of "environmental protesters" and a world that didn't lift a finger to do anything about it.
It will once and for all rid all Armenians from Artsakh. That is the goal. Expect in a few weeks a decision by the Azeri dictator to open the road for Armenians in Artsakh to leave to Armenia proper.
Thereafter, the Russian "peace keeping" mission will have no peace to keep since the Armenians they were sent to protect will no longer exist. With no Armenians left in Nagorno-Karabakh they will merely be seen by the Azeri public as an occupying force. Then Aliyev will cry to the West that the Russians are occupying its internationally recognized territory. Russia might eventually leave with some sort of an economic/financial deal with Azerbaijan and just like that, the dictator in Azerbaijan will have what he always wanted. All of Karabakh.
But he (Aliyev) won't stop there. Once the Karabakh issue is finally "resolved", he will then aim at achieving the other thing he's been pressing for the last 2 years...a corridor connecting mainland Azerbaijan with Nakhichevan via southern Armenia. He will launch an attack into southern Armenia and will most likely take it given Azerbaijan's current military superiority over Armenia.
The US is the only player that has little-to-no economic or political relationship with Azerbaijan (compared to the EU and Russia). They have the power to stop this but this can change depending on the next administration. The Biden administration (and his State Department) has been the most proactive in recent history regarding this issue. The US (under Biden) has been willing to call out Azerbaijan for numerous violations and even helped stop the September 2022 Azeri invasion into Armenia proper. Nancy Pelosi even visited Armenia back in September and met with the PM and other high-ranking officials in the country. However this can drastically change if a different administration takes over in 2 years; especially a Trump administration, who not only has business ties with both (as exposed in his tax returns) Turkey and Azerbaijan, but also holds an isolationist "America first" policy.
The Russians won't do anything because they're economically, politically and militarily depleted. Also, Russia wants nothing more than mainland Azerbaijan to finally connect with Nakhichevan; thus connecting it to Turkey. With achieving this, Russia will sell its gas masked as "Azeri gas" to Europe via Turkey.
The EU won't do anything other than a couple of "concerning" statements. After all, the EU traded buying gas from one autocratic country (Russia) for another (Azerbaijan).
Sadly the world will once again stay silent as Armenians get slaughtered and Armenia seizes to exist.
Hey man, why did Azerbaijan and Armenia's respective allies fall on the opposite of what you would expect post USSR? Why is Armenia a natural ally of Russia? Azerbaijan seems more alligned with Russia and Armenia with the EU morally but politically seems to be the opposite.