Yep. Or they will just use it as leverage. "Sure would be a shame if we turned off the power your people relie on to not freeze/cook this winter/summer, during the middle of a cold snap/heat wave. You better not help this country we just invaded or yaknow, that might just happen!".
Sounds like something only a stereotypical hollywood B list badguy would do but its literally what putin already did with the oil pipelines so....
Or like with the Nordstream attacks: "It's so terrible that the US blew up the pipelines that could have supplied Russian gas to you. Fortunately, they happened to leave a Nordstream 2 link perfectly unharmed, so all you have to do is approve it and .".
I mean I was pretty positive toward Russia some years ago. I've studied there, I can speak Russian language and I've studied their economic history and how to do business with them. The potential should have been huge and I too believed doing business with them and tying our interests together was bound to build peace and understanding. I still can't fathom why it all changed especially when everything they now do will effectively ruin their economy, reputation and future as a nation.
There might be countries in Europe that could be tempted to buy electricity from Russia in the near future. I could even name a few, but I can assure you Finland won't be buying. Not in the near future and especially not if the current leadership remains in power. It's ridiculous they don't realize what they've done.
Good luck with that. May a thousand camels spit in your face russia, since the only place that is unethical enough to deal with russia anymore is gonna be iran.
We did buy quite a lot from the Eastern neighbor but we also learned very quickly that once we got rid of their electricity we have to come up with new sources and basically erased the memory of Russian connection altogether. I think it's safe to say this is the only viable option since they as a country lost all their credibility as a business partner for decades to come.
Oh if there are any countries not to trust Russia, let alone Russian state controlled operations, it's Finland. Good luck lol. Russia has been keeping regularly updated plans of conquering Finland for 100 years.