In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Looking at the court filing, she also says, "The separation of votes between Hobbs and Lake is far narrower than the number of presumptively illegal and illegally cast ballots in Arizona." Her evidence: "Witnesses who were present... as well as other facts meticulously gathered, show hundreds of thousands of illegal ballots infected the election in Maricopa County.".
Its the same one that repped Cyber Ninjas for the Trump bullshit in 2020. Their reputation is already Jimmy McGill without the charisma in the AZ legal world.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
If you have evidence of election fraud, that's a legitimate issue. Kari Lake has no evidence of fraud. All she has are low-information supporters who have been gas lighted by Trump into believe that elections can be stolen.
My favorite part about this snip is that they say these signature mismatches took place in 2020. But their evidence regarding this point that this affected the 2022 general election -- all of their evidence -- is: "They did the same thing in the 2022 general election.".
Does she expect her followers to read a 70-page document? I was jumping from point to point and there was less verifiable evidence in there than a Yahoo!Answers rant.
I'm not a lawyer, but if this were second-semester English 102 undergrad peer review, I would've asked my classmate for citations or remove it as evidence since it's so flimsy.
On her Twitter, there are people saying there are hundreds of documented cases of fraud and cheating. Who just believes all that without a shred of verification?