In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Insurance is really good at finding any reason not to cover what a reasonable person would consider necessary. My insurance will cover part of an abortion but won't cover any of a vasectomy. My wife has recently lost quite a bit of weight but my insurance won't cover even part of a surgery to get rid of all the loose skin around her belly because it's not threatening her health. I've even read story's about women who had their breasts removed because of cancer being denied implants because it's "cosmetic". I wish I was surprised that gender affirming care isn't usually covered but I can absolutely see them taking the "it's cosmetic" excuse every time.
There needs to be some kind of oversight that standardizes what's covered and reviews/approves procedures on a case by case basis. This bullshit of Company 1 offering A, B, and C coverage but Company 2 offering A, C, and D coverage and what treatment you can get being determined by your employer needs to end.
And then we need to go after the hospitals that don't offer X treatment because they are run by a church. Nobody should be denied treatment due to location or financial standing.
This is the real comment, insurance companies are total trash and work to make money, not to improve lives, which should be their goal. They are an intermediary to care that seems to know better than your physician despite no medical training.
Just this year my OptumRX sent me a letter stating that starting next year, they are going to be shifting my Armour thyroid medicine to a level two medication, which requires my endocrinologist send them a Prior Authorization form. If OPTUM decides the PA isn't adequate for my needs, they'll deny the request and refuse to cover the medication for me.
I already take a combo of their level 1 (Levothyroxine) in ADDITION to Armour thyroid, and I've been taking it for 8 years now.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
My doctor knows my needs best. How fucking DARE they decide they know better than my doctor what sort of medication I need.
Some insurance plans will cover implants for cis women who had mastectomies due to cancer but deny them for trans women because they are "cosmetic". If insurance companies think that breast size is purely cosmetic yet it can be augmented for the mental health of a cis woman it 100% can be done and paid for for the mental health of a trans woman.
One of my closest friends is trans and they constantly complained about taping down their breasts for years because insurance wouldn't cover removal.