In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Before all the “crypto bad” posts, I think it’s critical to understand exactly what happened here, because it’s actually even worse than it sounds….
What is uncommon here is that FTX only actually made something like 25% of FTT available for the public to buy, then transferred the other 75% to the crypto hedge fund. So the value of FTT was being pumped up due to an artificially small amount of it being available to buy. In reality, had the other 75% been available, the true value of FTT would have been much lower. A few days ago the crypto hedge fund’s balance sheet was leaked, which showed that about $8bn of their assets were actually in FTT, meaning that it wouldn’t actually work as collateral should they need to repay their various loans, because if they did in theory make it available to investors the excess supply would tank the value of FTT, and that 75% would be worth nothing like $8bn (not to mention it was never really something that should have been allowed as collateral anyway because it has no underlying intrinsic value, unlike USD, real estate, etc.).
Why does this matter? This wasn’t just a case of poor management, or a case of crypto tanking and hurting FTX the same way Coinbase has suffered for example. This was blatant mismanagement of investor funds, material misstatement of assets, and likely fraud. In short, this wasn’t just incompetence - they appear to have broken a litany of regulations and people could go to jail.
As an “exchange”, FTX is allowed to offer relatively risky instruments to investors vs. what a bank could offer, but unlike a bank, is not allowed to then leverage investor funds to make loans, etc, and generate income. So unlike a bank, they’re SUPPOSED to maintain a 1:1 ratio of assets on hand to assets invested, to prevent exactly this sort of “run” from occurring. Whereas Wells Fargo for example can loan out people’s money and therefore have less than 100% of the value of assets invested actually on hand at any given time - this is because the FDIC insures those assets to reduce the impact on individual investors if there is a run on the bank.
The guy who owns FTX also owns a crypto hedge fund, which is how he is able to make investments/generate income outside the exchange. They wanted actual cash for various investments (which seem to have mostly been an insane advertising budget), but needed to show they had assets to use as collateral to get the loan. To do this, they created a crypto token on FTX called “FTT”, which was supposedly to be used as a method to help facilitate transactions between various tokens on the exchange (this in itself isn’t uncommon - Binance for example has their own coin, BNB).
Ultimately, this means that 1) the crypto hedge fund likely does not actually have the necessary assets to act as collateral on their loans, and 2) the exchange doesn’t have enough funds on hand to make investors whole in the event of a run - which was what happened when the news leaked, and people have now just lost most of whatever they had in FTX.
The additional complication is that FTX is actually 2 exchanges: there’s the main FTX which operates pretty much everywhere but the US, and then FTX.US, which operates in only the US. FTX.US exists because the US feds wouldn’t allow FTX to operate in the US without additional regulation. FTX US supposedly has been operating within more stringent regulations, and has assets on hand to cover investor funds - but we’ll see if that holds up and to what extent anyone could be prosecuted here in the US.
Bottom line: the DOJ isn’t just getting involved here because it’s crypto, they’re getting involved because it appears FTX’s leadership knowingly committed serious financial crimes. The upside here is that this will hopefully be the kick in the nuts all the crypto bros need to recognize that if they want crypto to stick around, some level of regulation is needed to prevent exactly this kind of financial crime.
The issue is that by not regulating the crypto exchanges, we’ve pretty much allowed these guys to operate in ways which violate literally hundreds of regulations in place that traditional banks/brokers have to follow for good reason.
As someone who works in bank governance and compliance, I couldn't agree more. Banks are made to jump through hoops (even though they're often willing to do so!) to meet the most granular level of regulations, while crypto exchanges and "crypto hedge funds" are allowed to do basically whatever they want.
Exactly, it’s absolutely insane that once these exchanges took off and started playing games with people’s very real money, no one stepped in to mandate strict regulation.
Well I think the point to remember here is that what I just described is actually not that dissimilar to a number of incidents which have occurred over time at traditional financial institutions as well. And in fact, still occur from time to time. The point is that we, 1) put regulations in place to try and prevent this activity, and 2) have agencies in place to prosecute people who are able to hide illicit activity but later get caught, thereby discouraging others from trying to get away with that activity.
There are other reasons why Crypto is a long way from being a valid option as commonly used currency or as a serious investment vehicle. But, this particular incident didn’t really occur because of anything related to the idea of crypto itself - it occurred as a result of under regulation, in the same way that just about ANY sector of the financial markets would see increased crime/bad actors if left entirely unchecked.