In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Second link applies a little more, but still not enough to really think that white officers are going to be fired in general for causing the death of someone black or brown. When them being fired is the norm... not necessarily one off instances or here and there... then I would agree we can take a step back on not pointing it out, but we are nowhere close to that point now.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Like seriously fucking bad. Like straight up gang beat down. I use the term gang not because the officers were black, but because the police in a lot of ways operate like gangs.
It sounds like it’s going to be the worst police brutality video ever. They have body cam footage and footage from a camera on a lamp post. Reportedly the beating lasts for over three mins and involves tasers and other weapons.
Interesting that these officers are being held immediately to account for their actions. I wonder what the difference is this time 🤔. Can’t kkkwhite put my finger on it.
Same, I don't see them being fired immediately for something like this, or charged if they were white. Well let's see the video tomorrow I think it's being released? If the video is insanely clear cut, then it will be a little bit easier to see but I'd still have some doubts.
I agree in a lot of ways, the only thing that gives me any doubt is the video. If it's as bad as it sounds and all the warnings and shit? Then maybe if they were white? Maybe shit would be at least somewhat similar? It's hard to really know, but my guess based on what has happened previously is the cops suspended with pay then maybe get charged later.
When we start seeing the shift to white officers getting charged immediately after and then fired... then I think your comment will really start to apply. Not until then.