In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
If a Judge in say the Fifth Circuit rules against something, perhaps it should only be lawful in that Circuit. Just think how pissed off student loan borrowers would be that they would have to pay off thier loans, but the borrowers in the Ninth Circuit did not have to pay off the loans.
Impeachment is available and should be utilized for judges that issue rulings that are blatantly not in line with the law or the constitution. Neither side wants to do it, but it needs to be done to reign in the current trend of everybody ruling on their own personal beliefs instead of the text of the law and/or the text of the constitution.
The judges don't have the authority to issue nationwide injunctions. The Government needs to stop allowing it, and arrest Judges that attempt it for Insurrection, as it is a Judicial Coup.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Sorry. These judges are not just playing fast and loose, they are in open insurrection. Impeachment is a waste of time in this era. A federal judge that murdered a child on video would not be removed by Republicans unless they were a Liberal. The notion that Federal Judges are above the Law has to be dispelled forcefully because Republican judges are literally shitting on the Rule of Law because they can.
There are 13 Federal Circuits that Only Have Authority in their own Jurisdictions. Only SCOTUS can issue Nationwide Injunctions. If the corrupt 5th Circuit had Nationwide Authority, Abortions and Birth Control and many other things would be banned across the country.