In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
To something you said…..I agree the almost bigger story and almost ignored is, how is it people keep walking off with classified information and how much deeper does it go, I’m starting to feel these two can’t be the only two.
Worst part is asshats like my brother are gonna be like, “See Biden is awful, bla bla bla.” Well yea ok that sucks but what’s right is right. I’m not married to the guy I just did not want a Russian asset in the White House. If it turns out to be a really bad situation, regardless of what fucking side your on you get punished.
People are going to use this as fodder as to why Trump should still be president. All sense of reasoning just eludes people like that. The idiocy is staggering.
The conservatives, you mean? Because the law must protect them while not binding them. The law must bind democrats and minorities while not protecting them.
I’d believe this more if they didn’t also find classified material in Biden’s home, he’s only Cooperating when caught. It’s been 6 years it’s not like Biden has been extremely fourth right.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I disagree, he didn’t know anything about it until they were turned in. The lawyers would need to turn them in or possibly face criminal charges themselves…..I don’t think they notified Biden first. So he doesn’t really get credit for fessing up. In my mind at least.
I believe Biden will resign in the next few days and Kamala will be sworn in as President. I think it’s possibly staged, what are the odds that documents are just miraculously found in two separate locations. That doesn’t make sense to me unless it’s staged.
Yeah, it’s not really a competition, Trump doing something isn’t a get out of jail free card for Biden doing something. And vice versa what sits poorly for Biden is that he came down harshly on Trump for having classified information in his home…..While he had classified information in his own home…..and office…and who knows where else at this point.
When you consider an ex Secretary of State also walked off with a bunch of classified information it’s really starting to show a pattern that the government really doesn’t usually take it as seriously as we do.
To be fair democrats were calling to impeach Trump before he was even sworn in with Adam Schiff was claiming to have solid evidence Trump colluded with Russians that he never produced, so yeah you can probably expect the Republicans to start impeachment proceedings relatively quickly.