In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
That site isn't wrong about Judicial Watch, but the site is also not a credible source of actual media bias. I get into arguments on here all the time, but none of the people associated with that website have any actual media/communications expertise and their grading rubrik is subjective and unserious.
Why is it every time I raise questions about this website, the person gets all offended and starts making demands of me to prove a negative?
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Anyway. I wish folks on reddit would not hold that site up as a valid source, because there is nothing to suggest they are one.
I mean, I'd love to, if I knew of one. That doesn't change the fact that mediabiasfactcheck is garbage.
People make the same complaint of BMI. however, as there is yet to be a better tool produced, it is harmful to discourage the use of BMI as a measure of better health for most people, since it is not a tool intended to cause harm. MBFC could and should maybe be better, but the issue remains they are still providing a needed service in good faith. As such, your opinion "they are also trash" is simply that: your opinion. And since you are also obviously not an expert on the matter, or you would have provided an alternate source, I do hope you can understand why people don't put much faith in your opinion.
I happen to have 14 years of actual media experience, which represents 14 more years of media experience than the folks who run that site.
I'm not aware of an alternate source that is credible. That doesn't magically make that site somehow authoritative. It doesn't magically make my argument unsound.
What is unsound is that nobody -- literally nobody -- has ever once provided evidence that that site actually has the kind of expertise that justifies people sharing it as an authoritative source on media bias.
You won't, because you can't, because nobody who runs that site has any actual expertise, but you'll just double-down because now that you've chosen this hill to die on, you'll try to make it all about me instead of defending the site, because it's actually indefensible.
Unless you're willing to provide evidence that the site is an authoritative source with expertise, I'm not interested in furthering this conversation. Particularly since you're weirdly making it personal.
sounds pretty fucking personal to me. In spite of your many assumptions regarding strangers on reddit, I don’t care enough to be ‘offended’, which is why I didn’t offer a defense of MBFC. Take it or leave it, I don’t fucking care.
You offer no proof of expertise other than your 14 years in the mailroom, we’re free not to give a shit about what you think, and I’m definitely not ‘your dude’. Cheers.
I'm not sure I've heard a more moronic statement in my time on reddit. There are legions of bullshit anti-vax people with websites that have been "doing it" for a long time. Are you saying they're credible, too? What kind of standard is "they've been doing it!"?
I dislike it because it is disreputable. It is. Objectively. Because they lack any media expertise.
Since you are unable to provide any better sources, you're just like my ex who complained about how I loaded the dishwasher but never did so himself. This company you dislike and think is disreputable, is nevertheless has far greater expertise than you since they are the ones doing it, and you are the one complaining about the people who are doing things.
The burden isn't on me to provide alternatives. The burden is on the one making the assertion that this site is credible and authoritative.
There are no alternative sites, because the exercise is horseshit outside of a rigorous academic setting that doesn't lend itself to such a simple-minded matrix of "bias." The site relies on simple-minded people to unquestioningly accept it.
You're demanding I prove a negative and an alternative source that doesn't exist instead of providing evidence the site is authoritative.
It's AMAZING that nobody can ever defend this site coherently and instead points all the burden onto me to try and prove a negative.