In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Private schools are actually work good at getting students labeled as special education needs, this way they get more money per student and drain more of the public money.
Edit Thing 3: Here is my prediction of what private schools will do. They will raise their tuition by the amount of the voucher.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Thing 1. It's a way of taxing people and depositing their tax dollars into the coffers of churches who are trying to indoctrinate students into a faith the individual tax payer may disagree with vehemently.
Steven Crowder, who is a serial cross dresser and admits to having repressed homosexual thoughts, was a voice actor on the show a long time ago. Wouldn’t want your kids being exposed to that.
Thing 2. The reason private schools "seem" better than public schools is that they cherry-pick their student populations from the most affluent families. Those students almost exclusively come from 2-parent homes with virtually every advantage. Once you start taking students whose parents wouldn't normally have the means to send their kids to private school, you will find the test scores will start to equalize.
What school choice really means, is picking other parents you think are doing a good job at parenting. Apart from that, the schools don't really differ that much. My daughter and her friend from private school had the exact same text books and the curriculum was basically the same. The class sizes were the same. And the teachers had similar credentials. The only real difference is one place was exclusive and catered to wealthier families, and the other one took anyone who enrolled.