Is the fight in Mexico or Russia? Honestly the cartel's logistics infrastructure is probably still better than Russia's even if they had to fight in Russia.
A lot of the cartels are now advanced to the point where they have small militias. Some trained by ex marines, rumors also say navy seal, cia training by U.S. as well but none of that can be true right. The US would never do that to control the cartels would they.
There are a number of facilities where former navy seals have created copies of the navy seal training program where anyone that pays can go through the training. The only thing standing between a civilian and navy seal training is a medical release form and sufficient $$$.
So do many gravy seals, but that doesn't mean you have the training, force structure, and support to fight a Army even one as beat down as Russia's. Great gear is nice and all, but it doesn't replace all those other things.
It's not a single day course. It's 24 weeks. It's an exact duplicate of BUD/S, including the use of the same weapons, the same military equipment, etc. They also sell 18 month preparatory programs to get people into condition to be able to take and succeed in the course. There is a cottage industry in creating private navy-seal equivalents for the private security / private military market.
There is value in having a navy seal that can cross an international border without a military service appearing in their background checks.
Aside from the legal problems of teaching current TTPs, I'm highly doubtful that a single couple day class is going to get the job done. Courses like that are closer to space camp vs actual astronaut training.
Again, even something that long isn't going to produce an equivalent. What makes a seal/green beret/raider/ranger isn't the assessment and selection process. It takes more than a year or two to really bring guys up to full speed.
And it's not just seals. There are carbon copies of the special forces training for all parts of the US military.
By PMC I suspect you mean mercenary groups, because anything legitimate is only going to hire prior military.
Unless they need people that can cross a border without their biometrics screaming prior US military.
I work in this area (legal side). The guys that come out of these companies are as good as their US special forces counterparts because they are going through their own identical, albeit private, pipeline. Their job is to be able to--should the need arise--engage in conflict with nation state special forces. The 1 buyer as of right now is the US military itself, because it can send PMCs into countries that it can't send US troops.