In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I’m not sure that doing it this way actually makes his point any better than saying “you know what, I’m polling at 2% and that’s enough to upend the race. This demonstrates exactly why we need ranked choice voting“ would, unless the idea is that that wouldn’t get as much exposure as pissing everyone off by sending it to a runoff would.
I hope Warnock wins, but a system that implies that there is no place for a third party due to ‘spoiling’ is a broken system.
I mean, he has a point. Georgia doesn’t have a system that allows someone with just a plurality to win.
You can’t just people who want to run outside the two party system to fuck off because it ruins you idea of how you want your candidate to win. The election process should empower different views, not restrict them to a duopoly.
I’m in favor of RCV. But realistically at this time there IS no place for a third party in our system — or at least not in big races. Local government, probably more room there (and as we all know that’s how things work their way up the chain).
Should doesn't mean crap unless it can actually work. Without RCV third party candidates are useless.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
My “idea of how I want [my] candidate to win”? What an odd thing to say. I don’t actually understand your meaning.
The statement that Mr. Oliver is making is essentially a protest against the current electoral process. I’m entitled to highlight different approaches by third-party candidates and question whether this was the most effective way to make his point or if he could have made a similar impact without staying in.
I also happen to think, like Mr. Stern in Pennsylvania, that defeating anti-democratic candidates is urgently important and takes precedence, so would have factored that into my decision. But I’m not the candidate and those are my priorities, not his.
Which would be great. That’s why I support RCV. But the fact of the matter is that the current system in Georgia in 2022 is indeed effectively restricted to a duopoly in races of any appreciable size.