Even if you banned beef based diets or all meat diets it would still only delay the inevitable it would not solve the problem of too many people and not enough land because it would not be a 1:1 swap, get rid of cows and put down vegetables and fruit…except grazing country is generally not viable for growing fruit and vegetables without intensively fertilizing the soil and bringing in loads of fresh water for irrigation.
What I was referring to was population control by culling the population which is not “humane” and not within our moral code…for the moment but it will inevitably come down to culling or getting the F off this planet those will be the only two choices and we aren’t exactly doing a bang up job of getting to the moon let alone colonizing other planets so….
Yes statistically we are predicated to plateau at 11 Billion…if we get there…and only as you have pointed out with the appropriate resource usage…you wanna tell Americans that they are going to have to cut down on their lifestyle? Stop using so much oil? How are you going to convince the Chinese that they will never attain the same wealth and status as Europeans?
You are living in a la la land that is only on paper but does not exist in reality because it does not take into account the most important factor of all…human greed which the most powerful motivating factor of all humans, “mine” my dirt, my house, my apartment, my car, my culture etc etc.
So don’t @ me with your “theories” which are not possible in reality because you can’t tell the difference between reality and hopeful optimism that somehow in the next 36 years there is going to be some kind of massive change in the mindset of the most powerful and wealthy while we are currently with our 8 billion population in the midst of the 6th great extinction with just 8 billion…and you imagine we will somehow be able to cope with 11?
I live in reality and reality is that our holding capacity at our current and future rate of consumption will require massive global changes and we can barely get people to take a vaccine and stay at home without causing toilet paper shortages and you think we can cope with 11 billion.
Ahh a romantic who looks at a world which is currently in the six great extinction with 96% of all mammalian life on earth consisting of humans and their food, a world which can contain a virus because of human greed and stupidity and says “yeah nah everything will be fine we got this” if only we “build smartly” problem is we don’t have time or the smarts because 99% of the population are barely literate dumbasses who would rather fight over toilet paper than do the right thing.
If Brazil have to stop cutting their forests to open farmlands that contribute to their economy then who would pay their bills or how'd they improve their economy (ok, they can do tech other than farming but that's not the point). It isn't like they get free donations for having forest because they produce oxygen for the world.
Also where would you get the fertilizer? No cows, no chickens so no natural fertilizer, so you’ll have to make it in a lab or from other plants so now you need more land to grow plants for fertilizer or dig up sources of phosphates to make it.
Human waste has been a traditional source of fertilizer for quite a long time. We produce plenty. Top heavy expansions are fine; we can build up not wide. All of the human world could fit into a single city with modern building techniques. Earth can sustain a 10 trillion population if built smartly. Killing people is beyond inhumane once you know the capabilities of people. A defeatist attitude is beyond unbecoming and ventures into the grotesque.