He doesn’t believe that there was any conspiracy with JFK though. Russia certainly not involved. Lone wolf. He believes the first thing US should have done after 9/11 was go to Russia and not expand NATO. Hmm.
Great question. Let’s take a look at what you are saying. I’ll answer your questions and then examine your argument.
Edit - for visibility - a response I made to someone further down who has since deleted their post due to downvotes.
You say: Just from an outsiders perspective russia bombing makes 0 sense, except ofcourse they want to make it look like the us has done it. I just doubt.that would be worth it.
1.	⁠Why would russia bomb nordstream? Answer: because they wanted to. Why they might want to is another question we can come back to.
2.	⁠You do realise it benefits them? Since it enables them to sell gas? Answer: I do realize. It does enable them to sell gas.
3.	⁠Why would us bomb it? Answer: The US might bomb it IF they had permission from Germany AND they saw it as necessary for their own security. In this case why not just have Germany do it themselves? To use your words this doesn’t make sense. The US might do it WITHOUT Germany IF they thought the risk of angering Germany was worth whatever gain they got out of it AND it was worth the risk of directly risking Russian escalation. Ask yourself, if this fantasy scenario were true, why would the US risk attacking a national security asset for Russia and Germany but not send tanks, HIMARS, and long range rockets? Attacking the pipeline would be a direct attack on Russia when the U.S. has shown risk aversion in how they have slow walked support. More further down.
I say: first, you are presenting a false dilemma. There are not only the two options you’ve mentioned. Have you played chess? Why would a player move their knight somewhere that hurts them? Accident. Hubris. Calculation. Just because a move may cause self harm in a way does not mean someone won’t make the move.
Fact: Russia was already at the time decreasing their outflows in natural gas - which you say makes no sense because it hurts them.
Fact: Russia’s goal last year and this winter was to make EU and Ukraine panic about energy pitfalls when the cold came.
Fact: Russia has lied innumerable number of times this conflict. Both to shield their image and to inflict fear, also to try and make others look bad.
Question: Blinken and Biden have been focused on NATO and alliance building. How does this conspiracy theory action fit with their overall philosophy of slow play and alliance building?
Russian sympathizers tricked an old man who used to be a reporter into believing a giant conspiracy and he wrote an article about it. The story doesn't make sense, but that's not the point. The "reporter says america bad!" headlines are all they want.
I was going to say. U.S. should reply that they will give all the information they know willingly, as soon as Russia answers questions regarding war crimes committed in Ukraine.