In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
A totally normal component before the primaries and if you can't prove to the voters you're the best choice for your party, then you ain't gonna win the primary, so it clearly helps.
Man, as a progressive I say this all the freaking time when moderates campaign against progressive teammates, FRIENDLY FIRE DOESNT HELP WIN ELECTIONS. You're just alienating your own. Focus your ire on the literal fascists. Vote your consciousness in the primary and then fall in line with the party most fitting your ideology for the general.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
How does throwing the most mud prove to the voters that you're the better choice? It's a divisive tactic to use against your own. Save that shit for the general.
And this is the reason I'm urging the progressives not to throw moderates under the bus. Because they need them in the generals.
When you are running in an election, you play against your adversaries. During the primaries, your adversaries are others in your party. Natural selection at work in the political world. If you can't survive the primary, you aren't fit for the general.
Every single year moderates cry when they lose progressive support after spending the whole primary bashing progressives instead of running on their own platform.
Primaries are an internal party votes against two party members for leadership. They are the same team. Why would you want to insult the other candidate and his supporters beliefs knowing that you need those people in the general election?
But it's counter productive for the general. Where you need the votes of the people you just insulted for months. You attack the candidate and his beliefs, you attack his supporters and their beliefs. Now thats counter productive.
Counter productive for the primary. But productive for the election that actually matters - the general.