It's crazy to me that 1 - women there risk getting killed just for demanding basic rights, and 2 - the men who support them are in danger as well, such as their World Cup team. It really shows me what I take for granted every day.
Yeah man, my family will tell anyone who’ll listen the rights of like the US or EU need to be cherished because it is EASY to lose rights you once held for granted. It’s really hard to get those rights back.
So hard, in fact, that my country hasn’t successfully gotten those lost rights back. So many innocent people have to truly suffer and risk everything to try to get them back.
I’m in the west now and it’s kind of crazy how many people take so many freedoms for granted. And it truly is dangerous, once stuff gets rolled back… it’s not easy to unroll it.
Iran is a far right fascist regime with complete authoritarian powers they have to fight for it. We just have to vote organize and fight to win elections. We are fortunate for the Democratic non violent transfer of power in our countries.
So everyone please never let your guard down and vote because even the Iranians had a time when they could vote in fair elections. Until their government got couped.
Forgive my lack of knowledge on this. If I am wrong then I'm sorry. Is there any chance they've had a change of heart? I thought they were threatened by the government after that first match.
It's important to remember that it isn't solely a fight for women's rights. It's a fight for so many things such as freedom of religion, freedom of political expression, and the list goes on. The women are honestly the spark that lit this fire, and they've shown how strong they are.
I guess when I heard about the threats to the men’s soccer team, it made me realize the scale of the issue. They’re not only trying to silence the women; they’re trying to silence anyone who questions the current order. It’s frightening. I really hope the fight won’t be in vain.
Thank you for the explanation. You're right that we need to get more accurate information about what is going on. I recently made a donation to the Center for Human Rights in Iran, which aims to provide the latest information on human rights issues.
The protests aren't solely about women's rights by any means. Western media is kind of messing up on this. Women though importantly have had a huge role in this, and I think many anti-Islamic Regime Iranian men would agree.