In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
“DeSantis' office has publicly stressed that partisan considerations played no role and that partisan operatives were not involved in the new map.” Riiiiight. And parading in the media mostly black voters being arrested by DeSantis’ Orwellian voter police squad was not meant to intimidate voters.
DeSantis vetoed multiple maps that were drawn by the Florida Legislature. The Republicans in charge were confused as they were Republican favored. They eventually just let him propose and draw his own map which was even more Republican favored and illegal due to its racial gerrymandering.
There are quotes from President of the State Senate a Republican saying that the legislature is giving up on making new maps and will wait until DeSantis gives them one.
You missed the part where the FL Supreme Court rejected the DeSantis map as unconstitutional, the FL legislature passed one that the FLSC approved, then DeSantis rejected the legislature's map and submitted his own unconstitutional map again, which the legislature approved and at that point it was too late to do anything. Republican ratfuckery was on full display for everyone to see and no one could do anything about it.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
The people that hold the governor accountable are the legislature. The Republican majority keeps DeSantis safe and do anything he requests. There is no separation of powers in Florida's government.
What is interesting to me is that DeSantis overruled his own Republican controlled legislature and redrew Florida’s congressional districts, making them far more favorable to Republicans. I guess if a republican who wants to be reelected doesn’t feel like their legislature has given them enough of an unfair advantage, they can just re-draw districts?