Maybe, but I heard something today that Russia may be planning on invading other countries in the area; and Poland might be up on that list.
I would imagine if you're in the area of Russia; you'd want to increase your military capabilities just a lil so you might stand a chance if/when you're invaded, so this is most likely that or a little of both.
Yeah after Germany's stunt in WW2; I think the poles are a little on edge seeing one of their neighbors doing some objectively Nazi shit 😅.
Even if you're not Poland tho; I feel like it's probably wise to be a little on guard with Russia rn. That wouldn't even come from 'paranoia'; that's just wise to do seeing how one of your neighboring countries treats other smaller countries.
Not just Germany's stunt. Soviet union invaded from the other side, Stalin and Hitler had agreed to divide poland. That part just gets left out of history because the USSR were "allies".
People forget Russia was an Axis power as well... Kinda also gets forgotten since they get this 'faux redemption arc' in history cause they were ultimately betrayed by Germany and ended up fighting alongside the US and the Allied powers before the war ended. Like you're saying it shouldn't be undermined they supported all that landgrabbing/genocidal behavior Hitler was on so long as they weren't the one's getting invaded and benefitted from it.
Not sure if I'm recalling correctly, but if I am I think even Italy also switched sides during the war in similar fashion and gets seen as 'one of the good guys' in the history books despite supporting one of the deadliest regimes in history at the start.
The US and UK made a dirty compromise with Stalin to keep the USSR in the war after they booted Germany out of Russia. Agreeing to give the USSR control of eastern Europe after the war.
They didn't really switch sides. They just had a non aggression pact with Germany. Also, when Hitler was rebuilding the german military, Stalin let him train troops and develop weapons he wasn't supposed to have in the USSR.
Stalin also did fun things like pause the advance of the soviet army across the river from Warsaw. The Warsaw uprising had begun and he wanted the nazis to wipe out the polish resistance for him because he didn't want to deal with them when setting up a communist govt on poland later.
Russia has made no secret that they want Poland. Poland is in NATO but at the end of the day no one wants a written promise to be the only thing standing between them and potential genocide. Poland is (correctly) trying to build a military capable of withstanding a direct attack from Russia.
Remember stuff like this when pro-Russian trolls claim that supporting Ukraine is costing too much. There's never been a better commercial for our stuff.
Also a lot of the vehicles and weapons the US is sending is old stuff that was set to be demilitarized anyway. Things like vehicles have a life expectancy and after a certain point they cost more to maintain than they’re worth. The US doesn’t want to keep a ton of 20-30 year old military vehicles lying meanwhile Ukraine desperately wants anything even closely resembling a military vehicle. A significant portion of the aid is basically just military surplus.