No no, I'm sure you know more than the Center for Strategic and International Studies. We await your analysis of the theoretical Chinese invasion of Taiwan.
There is no win condition for China if they make a go for Taiwan in the next 30 years. They are far to dependent on the rest of the world for their military. The issue is they are so damn sure of themselves they might try and cause a lot of suffering before they fail... kinda like Russia did in Ukraine.
effects of training, based on a survey of 2,301 Kurdish fighters (Peshmerga) during their war against the Islamic State. Before attending MIT, he earned an MA in law and diplomacy from the Fletcher School and a BA in history from the University of Virginia. Between those educational experiences, he served as a captain in the U.S. Marine Corps, deploying to Sangin, Afghanistan, as a forward observer in 2011 in support of Operation Enduring Freedom.
Mark Cancian (Colonel, USMCR, ret.) is a senior adviser with the International Security Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washinon, D.C. He joined CSIS in April 2015 from the Office of Management and Budget, where he spent more than seven years as chief of the Force Structure and Investment Division, working on issues such as Department of Defense budget strategy, war funding, and procurement programs, as well as nuclear weapons development and nonproliferation activities in the Department of Energy. Previously, he worked on force structure and acquisition issues in the Office of the Secretary of Defense and ran research and executive programs at Harvard University’s Kennedy School of Government. In the military, Colonel Cancian spent over three decades in the U.S. Marine Corps, active and reserve, serving as an infantry, artillery, and civil affairs officer and on overseas tours in Vietnam, Desert Storm, and Iraq (twice). Since 2000, he has been an adjunct faculty member at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, where he teaches a course on the connection between policy and analysis. A prolific author, he has published over 40 articles on military operations, acquisition, budgets, and strategy and received numerous writing awards. He graduated with high honors (magna cum laude) from Harvard College and with highest honors (Baker scholar) from Harvard Business School.