In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
National security and defense won’t declassify this stuff or let us know what was retrieved for a while, don’t know why people need to know straight away.
People that have been saying aliens are real for years/decades think eveything proves aliens are real...
In a decade or two we'll know what they were and what country sent them. It's incredibly unlikely we hear before that unless it's used to justify an attack.
And how exactly did that diminish the military? Clearly we can release this information and say who is behind this without this hurting the US, we did it last week.
We already publicly know that China is spying on us with balloons. I don’t understand why the government would cover up something publicly known and addressed just last week.
You didn’t explain anything you acted like I asked why the government would cover something unknown to the public when I am asking why they would cover up something known to the public that they announced last week.
From the article it sounds like the delay is winter weather. Which won't be the case in four months.
Seriously what did you explain? Why would government cover up what’s already known? It’s like if the Ukraine suddenly censored all information about Russian tanks. Makes no sense and you can’t explain it anyway.
But anyone expecting them to make what they find public doesn't know what they're talking about. In 20 years when it's declassified we'll know more.
We pulled a Soviet ballistic missile out of one of the deepest parts of the ocean and reverse engineered it.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.