In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The Black Panthers fed schoolchildren breakfast and established free community health clinics and they were treated like they were an organized crime ring.
In 2025 the politicians pow wow about the 12 month study period and see if they like what they see. Then maybe pass a similar law that expands to everyone that meets the requirements for assistance.
I am not a cat, but it seems like if the bill passes it goes live. If a person wants to join the study I imagine the strings attached by Portland State University involve frequent homework reports. Hence the study part.
Sorry to hear you live in Portland. Seems like most people complaining about addicts and this article just don't have the money to move out of a bad neighborhood.
Welfare by any other name (basic income) is welfare. Welfare should never have gone away and it’s long past time it came back. The conservatives cruel welfare ending experiment needs to be brought to an end.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
If a person knows a lot about a subject they tell the whole story. If they don't know a lot about a subject they don't.
>Al Capone started one of the first soup kitchens. The kitchen employed a few people but fed many more. In fact, preceding the passage of the Social Security Act, “soup kitchens” like the one Al Capone founded, provided the only meals that some unemployed Americans had.
Well, we can always go back to having gangsters and organized crime providing welfare instead of the government.
The two black men that spent over 40 years each in solitary in Louisiana, Herman Wallace and Albert Woodfox, were members of the Black Panthers.
Instead of complaining about homeless people why don't you use some of your money to move to a nice neighborhood? Guess what, we don't complain about stupid shit there.
>Passage of PRWORA was the culmination of many years of debate in which the merits and flaws of AFDC were argued. Research was used by both sides to make their points, with each side often using the same piece of research to support the opposite view. The political atmosphere at the time of PRWORA's passage included a Republican-controlled House of Representatives and Senate (defined by their Contract with America) and a Democratic president (defined by Bill Clinton's promise to "end welfare as we know it").
>However, by 1994, the Clinton Administration appeared to be more concerned with universal health care.
Probably something along the lines that has already been tried and failed for hundreds of years. Usually they don't care as long as they don't see poor people.
If a person knows a lot about a subject they tell the whole story. If they don't know a lot about a subject they don't.