That being said, I have recently seen a noteworthy increase in the number of high school students wearing helmets within this past year in my small city, which I think is great. Middle school students are required to wear them here, but most of them stop once they go to high school. It’s great to see more kids adopting them whatever the reason, and hopefully adults will be encouraged to follow!
I definitely agree with you, at least in Tokyo and the big cities. A bit more doubtful out where I live... they gotta be around at all to be doing that! The only thing I see them doing where I live is making sure people come to a complete and utter stop at the train crossing that gets 1 whole train an hour. Very dangerous place there, you know.
It would be nice if there were just like, 1 more train an hour? That way if you miss it you don’t just give up and go home instead of waiting forever for the next one. But it’s the perfect size city for me, despite the dinky train line!
I lived 6 years in Japan and was never stopped by the cops for any reason, nor did I see them stop anyone else. This is not the USA. Frequent ID checks aren't a thing there.
And yet the US Embassy posted warnings about racial profiling because so many Americans were getting ID checked last year.
I’ve lived here eight years and been stopped only once. Your anecdotal experience, and my anecdotal experience, is not representative of the whole.
You mostly get stopped if you look suspicious or are a member of certain ethnicities that have a large number of people who have been found to be overstaying visas etc...
The average English speaking redditor is quite unlikely to be stopped unless you fall under category 1, which even then you sort of have to try.
HS on isn't required education in Japan therefore the students can choose to continue on or not, and they can choose their school and how they get there.
Head injuries increase among children wearing helmets for an unknown reason. It decreased overall for cyclists. As the writer points out, if helmets were effective, there should be a sharp decrease. But there are clearly a lot of other factors at play here that are not mentioned (and I don't read Swedish to see if they are in the original article), including if there was an overall increase in the total number of injuries across all ages or not, and why did the increase start before the helmet law came into effect? There was already a trend of increase especially in school aged children years before the law came into effect.
Anyway, my children will continue to wear helmets when they bike, and if I ever get a bike for myself, I will also buy and wear a helmet as per the law. And we'll see what the data from Japan says about it.
Okay. Some things to note. First off, the article argues a general decline in biking among children, but children up to middle school here already have to wear school-issued helmets when they bike to to school, and elementary school students are not allowed to bike to school at all. They walk. This law isn't going to affect younger children, because they are not the target for it.
Also just because I don’t have a bike currently doesn’t mean I’ve never cycled before. But as usual, the myriad of assumptions from one short comment about a life abound. For a very long time my only mode of transportation was a bike. Considering the crazy wind during this season, I’m grateful that’s no longer the case.
Btw, I also think the law is stupid. Less because I think adults should make their own decisions, and more because like usual there is absolutely no backbone to it so nothing will change, therefore there’s no point to it. Except another thing to stop foreigners for, as someone else pointed out.
Was pointing out the differences between how things are done in Japan with regards to helmet wearing, and also that there may be a few more things to think about than just what was reported on the surface from the posted article, “lecturing”? My, if only my actual teaching job were that easy!