In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
sales taxes in tx also aren't' quite right as at the state level it is something like 4% while additional local taxes bring it up above 8% which is not reflected in the article I quoted.
They'd be trading less income tax for ridiculous property taxes in tx anyhow. Though property values are less, they're highly taxed.
Texas also has driving taxes a.k.a. tolls and a s\it ton of other "user fees" that are taxes by another name. Plus high property and sales tax. They get you one way or another. As said above, there's no free lunch.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
There's no free lunch... when will people get that? Texas is middle of the pack in total tax burden.
I grew up in a small town in PA and that's been the case there as well. Every year the candidates that promise to cut taxes are the ones that win and every year there's a new service being cut or downgraded that everyone gets upset about. And yet the next year the same thing plays out. In the past 5 years they've cut the recycling program (and there's a limit to how many cans of garbage you can put out so people stopped getting all their garbage collected once recycling was included), they stopped expanding sewer and public water lines even though more and more places have been dealing with septic and well issues, and recently they've stopped school bus services which has forced some parents to drive their kids over 30 minutes to school. But of course next election cycle they'll vote against whichever candidate calls for bringing back some of these things because it would mean higher taxes even though no new businesses will touch the area with a 10 mile pole.
i would say yes, for selected suburban neighborhoods and municipalities. west side suburbs in Houston have good services, roads, schools, etc. I'd like to note however, they are largely not conservative areas.
yes, i see that. i think they're doing a more accurate mapping based on actual income and how regressive it is. the other articles are i think some sort of weighted average rate.
on the other hand the large urban centers are not so great, filled with lower income people. high crime, shitty roads, crappy school districts.
the rural areas on the other hand have pretty poor services from what i can tell. they are obviously staunchly conservative.