In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Another facet of it is that "flip-flopper" has become such a big political gotcha that even when a politician is wrong for reasons that aren't their fault (they had the best available information at the time, but it was incomplete), they're punished for it politically. Which is really stupid, because it incentivizes stubborn denial and gaslighting.
trump did not create a new political philosophy. He read about Hitler and the Nazis and liked it. The GOP was embracing fascism long before trump became the party leader.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I'm not sure it's literally "most" but it's an embarrassingly high amount. And they are typically people obsessed with power and control, which makes sense because a core tenet of fascism is the idea that "only I can solve this problem." If they're wrong about it, then they're not only not the only one who can solve it, but they're not even one of the many people who can solve it. It takes a big ego to be a successful fascist.
This is how the whole hydroxychloroquine thing got legs. There was a small study, which shortly proved to be wrong, showing that HCQ was effective against COVID symptoms, and the Trump administration latched on to it, hopeful that it could turn the tide of the pandemic. Trump rapidly hyped it up so thoroughly that even after it was proven to be ineffective, he didn't want to lose face by admitting that he'd been wrong (even though, uncharacteristically for Trump, he had been wrong for a completely innocent reason).
It still amazes me that after a doctor gave him a dementia test while he was president, in which he had to identify that a drawing of an animal with a hump was a camel and that a drawing of an animal with a long neck was a giraffe, trump subsequently went on TV to brag about how he had been able to correctly name the animals.