In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I'm guessing the older white women that still voted against their interests just don't understand the link between the Republican party and the death of Roe?
Age was the real discriminant here. White women under 45 were majority Democratic, over 45 is where it flips over to Republican. The latter group just ends up dominating the overall category because, surprise, older people are more likely to vote.
I read earlier that younger generations aren't Republican because, if you're under like thirty five, you've never seen the Republican party do absolutely anything positive for you.
What have older people seen it do that they don't want to repeal, except for misunderstanding the math on tax cuts? The EPA? They want to kill it now.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Good for you and for them. The more they get ostracized the more likely they are to realize they need to change. It'll take a full rock bottom but it may eventually happen. Especially as Trump divisiveness breaks the GOP apart a bit next election.
No, the author of the article paints with a broad brush and never went to the effort of wrestling with the data to pull out the actual numbers. You could, if you were so inclined, probably get the actual numbers for white women with regards to their opinion on abortion and how they voted if you fidget around with the data in White and Women and their categories.
If anything I've gotten more liberal as I've gotten older and more successful, I don't believe in the old "If you're not a liberal when you're [young age] you have no heart, if you're not a conservative when you're [middle age] you have no brain" adage at all lol.
The article links they went off, it's presented really well but I wish there were a few more breakdowns, like religion stuff by race. Anyway, working with some of the numbers in the data you get (for white women).