In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Contact your representatives in Congress and let them know railroads need regulations to prevent train wrecks.
Competition drives companies to take excessive risks. Regulations that are enforced can create a level playing field for an industry while providing standards for safety and consumer protections.
My wheelhouse is software development for critical aircraft systems, which are supposed to be regulated by the FAA. And this crash reminds me of Boeing’s 737 Max crashes. It takes multiple often cascading (and mostly preventable) failures all along the system to end up with catastrophic events like this. And all of these failures have one thing in common: CEOs and their top management teams squeezing every last dime out of their business, to pay themselves and their shareholders obscene profits.
This rail accident is relevant to us today, but tomorrow, once it is succeeded by another 20 of them, it will fade from our memory and blur into the distance. The politicians know and are aware of Fatigue that sets in and how it can change over time. They all built their careers off of it. Lest of all Biden was despised and made fun of just a few decades ago for his continued failed presidential runs, shameless plagiarism scandals, and the kind of politics that made him a bit too chummy with hardened white nationalists but decades later we neither have the collective memory nor do we care that much. He's a changed man we're told and we accept that as a fact.
Last time I tried to contact my reps it was hellish. They're nowhere to be found and nobody is answering the phone.
Btw, emailing them is a lot less pressure for them than calling them. It's bets to mail them or call them or both!
1. Enter your zip code and address. A list of the elected officials that represent your address will appear.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
We do what we can. They have staff that reads emails. Not everyone has time to call or write letters. But for people that have time, you are probably right.
Bernie’s right of course. Our critical infrastructure systems used to have enough slack and redundancies built in to be able to withstand normal amounts of executive greed. But over the course of 50 years of neoliberal policies, we’re nearing the point of collapse.
I personally don't hate him but if I were to look back on his legacy, it is tarnished with the kind of legislative efforts that creep me out and that would infuriate me if I were any older. As is, I am merely concerned and bemused by the fact that most crises we're dealing with are consequences of his actions and that of his ilk, not that he'll ever personally suffer them.
We were born later and left unaware of the kind of grave sins that simmer under the surface. Most who were slightly older than Biden passed already and aren't even alive to be pointing fingers.
This rot has permeated our institutions and politics for decades. Neoliberalism keeps trudging toward self destruction yet we keep electing more of the same. As someone quipped recently: if our civilization was coming to an unsavory end and is collapsing, how would we even know?
Seems to me that the GOP, unlike Democrats, has taken on working class and has been working extra hard to appear supportive of our miserly issues. Lately they've been making great strides in coopting language pertaining to blue collar workers. They appear to be practically progressive, minus the legislation. But the very same can be said of the Democratic Party that expresses sympathy with the working class yet fails in any way to depart from neoliberal policies it keeps on reviving and pushing along.
This party needs to change, and profoundly so. We actually need a stronger left in this country or we're just prepping the ground for the neo fascist movements to fill the gaps.