Probably a good thing considering that the protestors (whose views can be seen in places like r/NewIran and comment threads here) think that the nuclear deal legitimizes the government, and that there should be no compromise with it as long as it is killing protestors.
The Trump administration certified Iran's compliance twice in 2017 before pulling out in May of 2018. Even as late as 2019 after the US withdrawal the IAEA certified compliance. You can make up whatever BS story you like, but it doesn't change the facts. At this point it seems over and done with. However I'm pretty sure the US public will not go in on another middle east war so there aren't a lot of options.
The US killed the nuclear deal. Why should Iran think they wouldn't kill the next one? Fool me once ....... Also Biden had the chance to resurrect the original deal when he got into office. He refused to do it, opting to push for more concessions. That's how we got here Trump, followed by Biden.
The deal was shit to begin with. It allowed Iran to expand facilities way beyond whats needed for enrichment for energy and peaceful research purposes, which, means they could have left it at any point at the drop of a hat and have facilities for military grade enrichment.
released Billions of $$$ to IRGC (biggest terrorist organisation in the world which funds many militias in the ME) which Obama delivered via plane in cash 💰. (And resulted in a raised irgc defence budget by 30% a year later).
a clandestine program was discovered to have been operating during jcpoa which iaea are still seeking answers for. IR refuses to provide info.
No you made that up. And The IAEA which is mostly US controlled is looking for answers about samples of sites dating back to the early 2000s long before the JCPOA was in effect.
You can think the deal was shit if you like, but it was still a deal that the US agreed to as well as other powers. So fine, maybe Iran will pull out of the NPT and make a nuke now just like North Korea did. Then you will be happy.
We found a diplomatic solution. Trump killed it. Finding another looks like a remote possibly as we have lost credibility. At this point Iran will align with Russia and China and may develop a nuke. The US public will not support another war. So soon we may say hello to the next nuclear power, as we did with North Korea.
In general, sure why not.Why not in the case of this specific regime? For various reasons, but mostly the demonstrated lack of any form of rationality in decision making threatening posture since day1 of the “Islamic Republic”. Its support for armed terrorist militias etc etc.
The US has attacked far more countries than Iran. Iran hasn't actually started a war in over 200 years. In the last 100 years, the US has attacked or invaded Vietnam, Granada, Panama, Haiti, Yugoslavia / Serbia, Libya, Iraq and Syria. I'm probably missing some. In the previous century to that, we annexed the whole country of Hawaii. And Hawaiians still want it back:
So you now seem to be arguing Iran may not want a nuke. If so, there are no reasons for sanctions. Have you reversed your position? And if they do get a nuke what do you think we should do about it?
And we support more armed groups and finance more government overthrows than Iran by far. How do you think Iran got in this mess in the first place. We staged coup in 1953 that destroyed their new democracy and put in a monarch instead. That monarch was finally overthrown in 1979. Had we not crushed their democracy to begin with, Iran would likely be a very different place.