Maybe someone in Russia had a lightbulb moment and realized that attacking Japan would be an automatic declaration of war from the USA.
Japan is ranked top 5 in the world for military strenh, but then again Russia is like 3 and we saw how that went!
Yeah military rankings are pure BS because most of them take into account number of equipment or number of soldiers as the majority descision for the ranking. They do not take into acfount condition of equipment and soldiers, tactics, technology, geography or even logistics as major points. This is why North Korea is pretty highly ranked on almost any website you visit since they have a large amount of soldiers and equipment however most of these soldiers are malnourished and the equipment from the 60s.
Japan has also been modernizing their army over basically all of Abe's rule and that is being continued by the new PM. They're not spending as much as the Russians, but they are most likely much more effective in that spending.
But it's been pretty obvious with Germany. I'm not well versed in JP's military structure, but I would assume that it is at least partially as well documented as the Germans, and I haven't heard anything about it being bad.
Their armed forces are also entirely focused on defense, and it is an incredible force multiplier when a force is entirely dedicated to one set doctrine and one set terrain.
Definetly not, the US nowadays is the only real country with thr ability to project power anywhere in the world without outside help. Britain might be able to contend with the US but they haven't to my knowledge fought an adversary beyond their borders alone since the Falklands so we don't really know. France is already out of the question since they required US Airlift logistics to carry their troops and equipment across the Mediterranean into Mali for their war there. China does not possess a blue water navy and instead focuses on coastal ships for combat near their own coast. Russia well, we've seen how their army has performed and their only aircraft carrier is a steaming pile of dogshit riddled with stupid descisions from the USSR era such as what fuel type it's reactors can use which was a result of soviet buerocracy in the design process which has led to it breaking down so often.
Yeah I have no doubt Japan even without an ally fighting alongside them would stomp Russia, considering how bad they're doing in Ukraine...where they have land links and even hold territory since 2014, it's absolutely ridiculous how atrocious their logistics are.
It's clear now that the only thing Russia can do is play the nuclear card or go after even smaller countries than Ukraine.
Ukraine is close - they can drive to it within hours, they already held Ukrainian territory since 2014 and they still monumentally fucked up the logistics and are losing territory every day.
Now imagine how much worse it'd be vs. Japan's stronger (than Ukraine), modern military with no land links, having to approach by air and sea across a much further distance. That's not even including all the aid Japan would still get from other countries.