The proposed judicial reform will allow the government to appoint judges and turn it into a situation like the US where the courts are politically aligned and remove the checks and balances. The other big part of it is that it will give certain scenarios where they can override the court.
Some people are addicted to power and money, and yes maybe he is one of them, but some people just have the mindset (right or wrong), that “if you want something done right, you have to do it yourself”.
Bibi seems like the kind of guy who thinks only he is the right person for the job. He isn’t, but I think he thinks he is.
What Netanyahu is doing is what many Republicans want vis-a-vis Trump. We can expect Biden to continue avoiding the topic altogether until after November '24. This gives Israel's right wing ample time to destroy it's democracy and create a regime that can withstand a pivot away from the United States. This is really a story about America's Republican Party, because they are the only group that actually helps Israel meaningfully. If it dies in 2024, Israel must either become a secular multi-ethnic democracy or a fascist one-party state similar to Francoist Spain. Which is an apt comparison as both countries sit on opposite sides of the Mediterranean.
It's not a legal change, it is more about the erosion of previously held norms as well as changes in social expectations and increasing win-at-any-cost attitudes pushed by Republicans. Long ago conservative Republicans reported "feeling tricked" that their confirmed SCOTUS justices didn't behave as pure partisan ideologues through their entire life tenure. They felt by being nominated the party was "owed" votes on positions regardless of the legal reasoning. They felt that independence of thought must be prevented. A group called The Federalist Society arose to effectively ensure that any future picks would be held to conservative principles above all else - law be damned. The group is structured as a social-ish club and allows fellow members to gauge the dedication to conservative projects through discussion, debate, and usual social events. This allows the group to determine how strongly they think someone will hold to even the most outlandish political positions. Additionally the social club puts forth suggestions for nominations to Republican presidents who effectively only choose from that list. So if you align with conservatism or the Republicans and want to be nominated as a supreme court justice the only way is to convince the club you will bow to their specific vision of principles without regard to the law. Once justices are seated for life they are free to do what they want but to get nominated they likely had to relationship build enough that if they break with them most of their friendships well be less cordial.