Ah, this shit again. I'm a 53 year old Swiss man and I have never seen or heard of people eating cats or dogs, beyond tales of poor mountain farmers resorting to eating things like pets, shoe leather and so on when trapped in the high alps or facing starvation from crop failures. Think Donner party type scenarios.
The last paragraph of the article is the actual point of what this reporter has fallen for, emphasis mine.
I live just along the border of one of the regions listed as a place where people eat cats as a holiday delicacy, and again, this is something I have never seen or heard, in stories or in restaurant menus. My wife even comes from this region in Switzerland. She is unaware of any traditional pet eating for Christmas. Dog sausages is something I have similarly never experienced. I grew up on a farm, we never ate pets. I don't know a single Swiss that actually knows a person that has. Maybe people used dog fat for rheumatism in the middle ages or something, but today you go to the doctor and pharmacy like everywhere else in Europe.
I guess Newsweek reporters will believe the stories of fringe animal rights groups told to a BBC reporter, without any independent verification of that information. In this case a German woman who sees Swiss pet eaters hiding everywhere, but only can produce whispers and anonymous personal communications as evidence. I recall Newsweek was once a reputable publication.
Swiss animal rights lawyer Antoine Goetschel sees the petition to ban cat and dog meat as more symbolic than serious. "It forces the public and Swiss politicians to take these issues into account," Goetschel told Newsweek. Goetschel believes that "companion animals are entitled to more rights than other animals" in society. A petition like this will allow us to ask questions about the rights of all animals, Goetschel says.
Soon someone will come and post the animal rights group video of chef explaining a menu of how to cook and serve pets, which is a parody, and think it is a real chef explaining how to prepare pets. This advertisement is from animal rights groups that think eating all animals is wrong, so they video is trying to connect cows to pets, both being animals and pointing out that eating one is as wrong as eating the other.
My wife is Chinese and has told me about the type of dog that is farmed there and how she has eaten them. This made me question why I think eating that is worse than eating something like a pig which is arguably more intelligent. I cannot come up with any reasons why eating dogs is worse than eating pigs. I eat neither, but I cannot argue why one is better than the other.
“Unlike most large American magazines, Newsweek has not used fact-checkers since 1996. In 1997, the magazine was forced to recall several hundred thousand copies of a special issue called Your Child, which advised that infants as young as five months old could safely feed themselves zwieback toasts and chunks of raw carrot (to the contrary, both represent a choking hazard in children this young). The error was later attributed to a copy editor who was working on two stories at the same time.”.
I remember reading a French report (in translation) about how meat was handled in pre-modern Europe. Supposedly the Germans called their cats “house rabbits.” For use in emergencies.