Unconfirmed report that an Iranian high ranking officer visited one of the attacked sites to see the damages and got taken out in another recent attack.
Again, this is unconfirmed, source is Israeli TV channel 12 1 hour ago, waiting for TimesofIsrael or Jpost to publish something about it so I can post it as well, but ill add it here for now.
Sorry everyone still haven't found anything to mention regarding the high ranking officer, only place I heard anything about it was on TV during a live broadcast.
Sorry nothing yet, view it as completely unconfirmed for now, I was waiting for sources in English but I'll try going through local news and translate that if I find something that mentions it.
Apologies if my OP looked like bait or something, I thought a bigger deal would be made out of it in major news.
I'm sure if a janitor at the drone factory broke his toe the Iranians would say something like 'high ranking Iranian logistics commander greviously wounded!' or somesuch.
"If you destroy any more of our military capabilities, we'll have to strike you with the full force of our ...oh wait. Yeah, I get it now. That's actually pretty clever. Huh.".
Well, they're funding Hamas, Hezbollah to fight back in some ways. Giving them rockets and stuff. That's how Hamas got thousands of rockets to send into Israel.
From what I understand it's most likely Mossad agents that came into Iran, possibly from azerbaijan and conducted the strikes from within.
That's for the multiple factories like the drone factory and supposedly ballistic missiles factory, then the next day there were more strikes on new truck convoys delivering weapons/tech, I don't know what was used on those trucks.
It is a sign of a failed culture and civilization to have your power threatened by the choice of clothing your people wear, and you need to rely heavily on sky wizard theory to maintain your rule.
Lol... As if Israel didn't steal land, oppress the people, performed assassinations, killing indiscriminately. If they fight back, they're terrorists... Right!
It's not like they cannot do a single thing. It's a losing fight... But they aren't sitting and take it.
And what? Both annihilated that's how you win a war? Russia has plenty of missiles too and Israel is tiny, much easier to destroy in a conventional missiles war and Putin has plenty of experience in assassinations too.
Iran funded Hamas with thousands of rockets and arms. Perhaps they can send those new suicide drones that can fly low enough to bypass the iron dome...
It's laughable for you to think that Israel can take Russia alone in a conventional war. Both can sit around and launching missiles at each other for years.
There's no end to this conflict. It'll go on for generations, and has been basically on-going in this region since Jesus-times, if not before that (historians who actually know history, feel free to chime in.).