>Secondly, Belarusian society is overwhelmingly against the country’s participation in the war – more than 90 per cent reject the idea of joining on the side of Russia. Sending Belarusians to war could therefore provoke a serious wave of discontent within the country, even more so than Putin’s mobilisation has in Russia. The Belarusian democratic forces in exile would likely use this to overthrow the Lukashenka regime.
Take Stalin, for example. His death triggered essentially a de facto coup. This was because his means of control, which was to keep many people in competition for his favor, necessitated that when he died, these men would have to fight to replace him. In that sense his regime ended when he died, because no one could continue to play his role. A lot of what Stalin did to keep himself in power was to remove any ability of his administrative state to function without him.
The few examples of generational dictatorships are rare, because a) a dictatorship’s stability often rides on the ability of one man to drive the political system forward, and b) this ability could be undermined if that man were replaceable. It’s sort of a catch 22.
I'm pretty sure this is the main reason they haven't joined yet. There's a very real chance that's the last decision Lukashenko makes as president then and he knows it.
Yeah.. I understand this sentiment, but also these are human lives that are being thrown away. In a real politic sense, it’s “good,” but it cannot be fairly described as a moral good.
Well, I suppose there are two ways of looking at it. A dictatorship is sort of it’s own special thing, because the system and the man are the same. A death sort of changes the system by necessity. With few exceptions, a dictatorship, even an inherited one, is a one-off regime of sorts.
The last thing any Russian or Belorussian leader should want, from a purely demographic perspective, is yet more death to add to the already grim overall picture. The region has been in severe demographic decline for decades, and every 20 or so years since 1940, it just gets fucking worse.
Sometimes they die. And sometimes their time just comes. It doesn’t have to be violent. Historically I don’t think most dictatorships end with rebellion.
I don’t remember exactly what the numbers were, but an analysis of the Russian population I’ve seen shows that they are missing 100m+ people at this point, and their net fertility is shockingly low. Like half of replacement level at this point.
I’m not sure Lukashenko had much say in this. At then end of the day, hardliners in the military may have already made this decision and he can’t do much more than save face.
Alternatively, he may have a polonium milkshake coming if Belarus doesn’t go all-in. “Would be tragic if anything were to happen to you or your family.”.