In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I'm vaguely reminded of when, during the 2020 election, Republican operatives leaked a recording of a phone call between Joe and Hunter from when Hunter was in rehab. And what was in the call? Joe telling Hunter that he loved him, and no matter what happened he would always be his son, and would be there for him.
Like this was their damning thing: Biden being a loving father, comforting his son in a time of need. And they thought this was a bad thing that was going to hurt Biden. Like WTF guys‽.
Right? Not just insulting addicts, but insulting the family members that still love and care for them and want them to get clean and do better.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Like, I understand people who bag on addicts. I don't condone it, I don't apologize for it, but I understand where it comes from. Some people don't understand things until they experience something like it themselves, like I didn't quite understand how one could have limited range of motion in a joint until I experienced it myself. So I can understand how profound ignorance can lead people to misunderstand something like addiction, but where does one get off on hating the family that wants someone to do better?
It's like coming along and saying “bro, your mom has stage 4 cancer, just write her off as dead and move on.” It's like a complete incapacity for empathy. And you're absolutely right when you bring the opioid epidemic into this, because it's just so broad and indiscriminate. Parents, children, friends, coworkers, white, black, it's not like there's a common thread among them other than the fact their blood is red. You can't write it off as a “Democrat-run city problem” or a “stupid rural hick problem,” it's everyone, everywhere, no matter your socioeconomic position. You can't otherize it without otherizing people in your own base.