>According to my sources, CSIS started tracking Han Dong, a former Ontario MPP, in summer 2019. They said CSIS believed that Dong emerged suddenly.
what news broke? apparently this has been ongoing for weeks and this is just another continuation if the article is to be believed.
Sounds like to me there are investigations being done, just not public ones. IMO there is a very clear reason the conservatives are asking for a public inquiry, they know theres no chance in hell highly classified CSIS documents related to chinese intelligence are going to be declassified. They want soundbites and outrage to feed their base, not accountability. How republican of them.
Also the reason the clip of Trudeau was blasted to the top rather then this is because this article is about a comment by him at the same event he called out the heckler. Trudeau calling out a heckler is also much more interesting to a non-Canadian then a denial to have a public inquiry into Chinese election interference.
On a personal note, (and no one else needs to agree with me) I think there needs to be something even more antagonistic than an unbiased public inquiry. In between Aga Khan, His treatment of Wilson-Raybould, Kleinburgers, CCP police stations, The many instances of Chinese agents being outed, the guy clearly has no morals and works almost purely in self interest or the interest of the Liberal Party, not in the interest of Canada, Canadians and our future.
There is a bipartisan committee that has been investigating the election for Chinese interference, this isn't a committee made up entirely of liberals so I'm not sure why you can't trust the committee, if something is brought up in the committee and its important enough and not classified, we'll find out about it.
Using election interference fear mongering to cast doubt on the legitimacy of the current Canadian government and the election process is honestly something straight out of the republican play book and its disgusting, but I guess if its good for America its good for us right?
Trudeau openly rebuked the chances of there being a public hearing on the matter, he did not rebuke the investigation. The only comments I've seen liberals make against the entire thing is pulling republican style tactics of casting doubt on Canadian elections which fuel division.
I think my favourite part of this entire debacle was when Richard Fadden, proclaimed as "Trudeau National security advisor" by the news organizations covering this claimed that we should have a public inquiry. I guess were supposed to ignore the fact he wasn't a Trudeau appointed advisor, he was Harpers and he was already disliked heavily by liberals prior to his resignation, a whole 4 months into Trudeau's term.
Also, he was disliked due to the fact he was making claims about election interference all the way back in 2010 about MPs without a scrap of proof, just a simple "trust me bro". He was slammed back then for making claims without providing evidence and now he wants to cast even more doubt on our elections and ask for evidence provided publicly which he knows can't be done. If he couldn't provide evidence back then to back up his claims, why is it important to do now that hes not in charge of it?
The news about Han Dong broke in the past couple days. Also Justin openly rebuking an investigation was reported today/yesterday in newspapers globally. There needs to be a public inquiry because the evidence is mounting and we can't trust a parliamentary committee, which is just as effective as the SIU.
But it's not just "fear-mongering." There's a lot of evidence that Chinese foreign influence in the.
Also, finally, you are correct. A political party wants their direct opponent to look bad so they have a greater chance of winning the next election. Of course they do.
Liberal Party has been occurring for a long time. I am not too well versed in the findings of the committee, but it looks like journalists have found more than they ever did.