“Oooooh Ya know what? We DID send some of our drones to Vlad, but that was like FOREVER ago We thought you meant like recently. Sorry, about that We’ve just been so preoccupied with suppressing our people lately, it COMPLETELY slipped our minds”.
“Missles you say?? Uh…let me think….like the explosive kind? Nope, nope. We definitely didn’t send any of those.”.
If russia had Iranian hardware before the invasion, then they aren't any good now, are they? I mean all they obviously did was help russia loose battle after battle.
This is a big takeaway from this particular mess: Russian, Russian derived, etc. weapons are simply not up to the task. There are the rumblings amongst the Chinese that they are looking at their equipment and wondering how effective it would be versus western (especially American) assets.
The same is true of everything coming out of that global bloc. Large majorities of Iranian drones are being taken down, of course that is kind of the point of launching cheap waves but still. The Ukrainians (and the west in general) is discovering that having a robust gun based SHORAD is critical. The Gepard is a cost effective means to take out low flying and slow drones (guns instead of expensive missiles).
My sense is that when all is said and done, there will a realization that until there is a seismic technological shift the anti-western forces will possess profound disadvantages in the field.
Since the failed Russian attempt at a “thunder run” to Kiev, helped by an influx of relatively small but critical weapons, we have seen the west open the larders up more and more - and Russian tolerance of that fact too. Russian forces are now facing a ukranian army that is pissed, motivated and increasingly equipped with next level equipment. There remains a lot of legacy equipment, but more and more we are seeing that the M777, CAESAR, Pzh 2000, various armored vehicles in the field and each individual system outclasses masses of Russian equipment.
The UA has primarily been fielding Soviet/Russian assets. Both from a legacy point of view as well as repurposing abandoned Russian equipment. However, if the stories are to be even partially true, the presence of western arms in the field has been a game changer. Harpoons mounted on antiquated MiG-29, western man portable AT weapons, surveillance assets couple with western training and doctrine (and intimate institutional familiarity with Russian/Soviet doctrine) has helped stop the Russians in their tracks.