100%, there are plenty of examples out there that show that “privileges” were beneficial to individuals, but for every one that capitalized, I am sure there are countless others that did it all on their own without the world giving them a handicap. I didn’t get into college based upon my demographic, social status, financial status, or any other box to check. I earned my admission because of my grades, my ACT and SAT scores; first person in my family to go. I took out student loans to pay for school because the system determined that I wasn’t from the correct demographic, valedictorian, and my father made “too much” money for me to qualify for grants or scholarships, yet couldn’t afford to pay for it. Sleepless nights studying, retaking classes because I didn’t study hard enough. I earned that degree so I could pay off those loans, the investment in myself and my future. The only real benefit that I had was the integrity that my father instilled in me to work hard for everything I earn and to not be a victim when the situation is unfavorable. Work the problem. Adapt and overcome. I may be a minority in this, but when people mention privilege at me, I am at a loss. Show me what opportunities that were just given to me. I’ve had to work my ass off to be in a position to provide for my family. We’re comfortable now, but the grind doesn’t stop. I still want more. More security, more opportunity for my own children, and inevitably, more money. Im not waiting around for anyone to just give it to me, because I sure as shit don’t have that privilege, and likely never will.
In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.