In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
But then at some institutions, you've got heads of the university who are former Republican Party leaders who would probably prefer to destroy the thing they're in charge of and are happy to actively work toward destruction.
At my institution, the new library dean is so toxic we've had numerous librarians quit. At least a handful of those abandoned academic librarianship altogether. I was in library IT as a sysadmin, and I joined the research computing team. People are getting tired of being treated like shit, yet the administration is so out of touch they'll just let their institutions fall apart instead of trying to repair things and make improvements.
I love the “opportunities” to work in the labs for FREE because they are great “resume builders.” Which means only rich kids can afford to do those “jobs” because who can do 20 hours in the lab and still do another 20 at a real job to make enough to survive? These practices clearly take advantage of students. If they work, they should be fairly paid.
I'm glad that they are protesting wages. At my current institution, undergraduate students are paid minimum wage, graduate student workers not much more, and there are staff members who qualify for subsidized benefits because their pay is so poor. Librarians with two graduate degrees are sometimes started in the high $40s or mid-$50s and are still expected to teach, serve as academic advisors, and so forth, in addition to serving in their primary roles. Administrators, on the other hand, are highly compensated, and tuition is raised year after year. One year, administrators passed out chocolate bars to thank faculty and staff at the holidays, but didn't give any raises or days off.