In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
They will try but with Democratic Senate protecting US, it is only the Debt Limit vote that gives them any leverage.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Not in the primaries though, and that is one of the things that the crazies in the GOP have done effectively. They've either primary'd out a lot of your purple Republicans who would swing on a debt ceiling vote, or scared the ones that remain with the threat of a primary.
Brightside is that after a long enough government shutdown when that huge group of Republican supporters stop receiving Social Security Checks they're going to get very angry very fast.
Very dramatic but about 6% of work force is employed by Federal government. While GOP's government shutdown tactic stops paychecks to this group they can tap their retirement funds (similar to 401k) for the duration so able to pay rent, car payments, food, kids school etc. as the GOP McCarthyite minority tries to extort the nation.
tasks of keeping the government open, paying the country’s bills and avoiding default on America’s trillions of dollars in debt.
McCarthy IS one of the right wing ideologues (they are not fiscal conservatives in any sense of the word) who will use the Newt Gingrich GOP tactic of shutting down the government to try and extort right wing white supremacist (aka GOP) laws such as ban on abortions, support for Putin's invasion of Ukraine, voter suppression, increase in pollution by industry, attacks on science from anti-vaccine, attacks on Social Security and Medicare.
Bright side is that with such a slim majority, all it takes are 7 GOP House members to vote with Democrats to keep government operating.
The Democratic Senate can stop most of it but US needs to prepare now for the GOP shutting down the government via the debt limit votes.
Borrowing from Federal Employees Thrift Savings Plan is the best option as it can be repaid if/when government is refunded.
Because the McCarthyites control the House and will punish any other McCarthyites who vote with Democrats to keep US government functioning.
As we saw, very few GOP'ers broke with party over the McCarthyites attempt to overthrow US government. To get just six(?) to keep government operating will be even harder.
Not really about default. The current US debt to that point would be paid. The US just can't borrow more to keep government going, a government shutdown.
You probably mean that US can't borrow to pay interest ($500B per year) on debt if the debt ceiling is not raised. US has $1T in SS surplus that would cover two years of interest payments. Lots of schemes to pay the interest.
Doubt any of the GOP/MAGA agenda gets done, written into law, since Democrats control the Senate and White House.
McCarthyites will be trying to kill Ukraine aid via the Hunter Biden hearings by tying aid to Hunter Biden's job but that's going to be impossible since Joe Biden went to Ukraine to promote prosecution of the pro-Putin oligarchs who hired Hunter Biden.