In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Insubordinate troops does not make for a strong military, especially considering that over 97% (as of Dec 2021) of active duty personnel are vaccinated. So this is to placate a tiny minority who can now act as vectors for the virus among their units.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
They get all kinds of shots, and no one complains. This is just political bullshit because there are so many idiots that think masks and vaccines are against their “freedoms.”.
During basic I was given three or four shots and I didn’t have a clue then or now what they were. I didn’t question nor did anyone else getting shots. But now all of a sudden it’s a problem with this one shot. So strange.
That's incorrect. There's no data to support the claims it hurts recruitment (this is coming from ). In addition, the .
The military is struggling to recruit. The Army missed their goal by . But. It's not the vaccine mandate.
And before someone else tries to claim it's because of 'wokeness' or , it's not. The military has been on the cutting edge of embracing diversity (aka "wokeness") for . People who can overcome oppression (racism, sexism, etc) are . "Wokeness" is good for , (also and more ), , , and unit cohesion.
poor fitness among Americans (higher obesity rates, etc); they're lowering standards to work around this.
fall in patriotism (in large part due to the far right criticizing troops, trying to take away peoples' rights, voting against , etc); no one wants to fight/die for people who hate them and don't.
the perception that the only way to participate in the military is to be shipped off to war for 20 years (this affects people now but also children, because their parents are less likely to speak well of military jobs) despite there being a broad swath of jobs, from desk to battlefield.
You're assuming their numbers are a net negative, but their numbers may be cancelled out by the people who join knowing the military takes their health seriously. I'm not disputing that people are being insubordinate or that they don't want to join over vaccines. I'm saying there's no evidence it's a harming recruitment, and a claim without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.
If this was a huge problem, like the Republicans are claiming, the military would have removed the mandate themselves instead of wait for Congress to force them. Instead, they're focusing on better pay, health care, education, guaranteeing reproductive and gender care. The military needs and wants service members who follow orders and standards and who will contribute to unit cohesion, not division.