In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
With the Republicans, however, they have set up a cycle where they elect candidates and then have those candidates get challenged from the right for not being right wing enough. The party gets lopsided, but it just leans into it further pushing further and further right with each iteration calling the previous ones RINOs for not being extreme enough.
One or two might not seem like a big deal, but have you ever had one or two rotten shrimp in your trashcan? It's gonna stink the whole place up, and the only way to fix it is to take out the trash.
She's a symptom of a very dangerous disease. There have always been Marjorie Taylor Greenes around. It's just that previously they were mostly confined to being that crazy person that corners strangers in a grocery store and forces them to listen to conspiracy theories or spends their days furiously debating the minute details of imaginary shadow governments on private facebook groups. The disease is that the overton window has shifted enough over the decades for people like this to squeeze in around the edges and get elected to public office.
She is also part of a disturbing trend within the Republican party. In a normal political party, moving too far to one side would result in a correction moving the party back towards the center.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
You're always going to have junk in your house that's just there. But you have to keep it in the junk drawer of your house, otherwise it gets everywhere.
It creates a real mess. It gets in the way of all the normal and useful stuff. You have to get the junk back in the junk drawer.
Of course, I immediately thought of Greene and the other idiots on the right. It's sad, but true. We only think of Greene because of the stupid things she says. If she advocated for the positions she supports right now, but didn't say idiotic things (perhaps disguising the stupidity of her positions in rational sounding arguments), we likely wouldn't know her name at all.
Again, this would normally result in a loss of votes and a correction to keep the party alive, but the right has a group of locked-in supporters who will only watch FOX News (or "news" sources even further right). This means that the right wing politicians can push their supporters rightwards as the politicians move to the right. Add in voter suppression from the right and it's a dangerous path.
I was watching a video recently about a person whose doctor told them that and that they never sneeze. The video was about how saying stupid things loudly can get you remembered by people.