They did the same thing in Italy a few times. It was called "condono", which roughly translates to amnesty.
I would say it’s more a kin to paying a fine for robbery, not going to jail and keeping the spoils of your criminal action - all without prejudice moving forward.
In some occasions and under certain circumstances, if you had built without permit you could pay a fine and be cool with it instead of having your house bulldozed.
However, the house still had to be brought up to standards in all of its parts, walls, safety codes, plumbing, electrics etc.
Recently dealt with a crooked contractor that stole my money. Can confirm he kept the money and paid the court a small fine equivalent to 1% of what he stole. Don't expect real justice in America.
If you hate all businesses equally you show an insane level of ignorance about law and economics and by that point your ideas are most likely from fiction and a waste of time.
You do know you could have a corporation in under a week? The vast majority of corporations are super small and follow rules etc. It's a very shabby and shallow Marxist talking point to say something like that. Especially since historically, governments have stolen more than any other entity known to humankind.
A corporation is simply any business that is not a sole-proprietor. If you want to talk about multinational corporations specify.
Real world corporations are a legal framework to create jobs and a living. Anyone that compares that to the government and their mafias building buildings illegally that get people killed are just not being realistic. The companies that get away with it are linked to Erdogan's government, they aren't a regular construction company taking pride in their work as builders. If you go talk with a large swathe of builders you'll realize that most of them want to be proud of their work, and most are organized in corporations. They want good marketing, good reviews, and safety is part of that. Erdogan's party's mindset is to loot as much as possible from anyone that doesn't support their view of the world. These guys work hand in hand with ISIS and other jihadist groups. They're murderous savages looking to genocide Kurds and Armenians, and kill anyone who isn't Muslim enough. Don't compare small business with that. Big corporate greed like Dole and their coups are bad but never caused this much damage over this amount of time. Hundreds of deaths for greed vs thousands, millions for government cronyism and ideology.