China's military budget as part of its GDP has been steadily decreasing over the last few decades, the budget is only becoming bigger because the GDP is growing. Meanwhile Japan is seeking to greatly increase its military budget as a percentage of its GDP.
Their air defence equipment is good, it's one of their few export articles that are consistently winning sales based on performance alone, and not just because it's cheaper.
Russian air defence is actually one of the things they have that's working. Both Russia and Ukraine are using mostly the same air defence systems. The result is very little air activity overall by big stuff like planes and a bigger focus on small systems that the air defence wasn't designed to counter (because drones weren't really the same thing back in the late Cold War era).
Russia has a massive advantage in the air over Ukraine, with similar planes but in massive quantities. But they can't use it to its full potential.
The problem is Russia does not think rationally. It's basically a nation traumatized by multi generational paranoia. This is due to geography. Russia has 100s and 100s of miles of land borders that are effectively impossible to defend. So russian leaders throughout history have had this "offense is the best defence" type of mentality. Which is the primary reason Russia has been such an antagonistic force throughout most of its history.
Well it's like I said, Russia isn't thinking rationally. And the problem with this is historically there's never been an instance of a nuclear power directly engaging with another. MAD is theoretical at best, we don't know objectively speaking how that will play out.
When it comes to intention i agree, capability that's another story. America would absolutely demolish the Russian army in a direct confrontation. But the Russian govt isn't focused on right now, sure Europe might not be able to invade but that can theoretically change in the future. You know the old adage, "don't invade russia in the winter". Problem is that leaves the rest of the year where russia's borders are perpetually vulnerable.