Excellent news. 28% total if you include the land taken in 2014. A lot of people thought with the full scale invasion in Feb '22 that Ukraine would fall but they have shown the world that's not the case. Starting this year Ukraine is in a stronger position and Russia is getting ever weaker, I hope they are able to reclaim all land which was previously there's!
Retribution in the form of land grabs and annexation isn't going to make Ukraine more safe. Occupation is an extra expense that Ukraine can do without.
Russia will take decades to recover from this if they ever do already while Ukraine is going to end up a military and economic powerhouse. Let Ukraine push Russia out, but beyond that let Russia crumble on its own rather than give an extra reason to hate.
Will Russia honor the agreement? Probably not. But it would give Ukraine far more advanced warning to prepare, it would give it the political leverage to start mobilizing if Russia reoccurred the border region, and the infrastructure on the Russian side would be worse.
Hard to say if they could get this, it’s kinda in russias court. If they don’t make a deal before Ukraine takes their land back, they’ll have little to no leverage in any peace deal that eventually emerges.
The US 1st warned about troops mobilizing in spring of 2021, and loudly warned of the upcoming invasion in November 2021. A DMZ large enough to give more than 11 months (4 months if you only want after 100k troops were on the boarder) of warning that the world had that this was coming would have to be a massive expensive (policing) undertaking.
At that point, just tell Russia to give land back to the Finnish and leave them alone to rot without a port in the north.
Russia won't have another chance at taking Ukraine for generations with how Putin has fucked them economically, militarily, and demographically.
You have to ask yourself if you really really want that extra Russian population though messing with your pro-west voting demographics though.
They'll have a hard enough time reintegrating the populations of the Donbas and Crimea. Ukrainian politicians may talk about liberating those areas, but those in the Ukrainian military know it will be more of a forced return than a liberation.