I don't do conspiracy theories at all, nuuh noooo But, something smells fishier than normal here. I have a very deep suspicion that he sold out to where there's dark foreign money involved once the accounting of campaign funds comes through. That $700k self loan came out of nowhere. I can't tell you for certain, but I would not put it past him that he got advice from some top dirty politicians in the know sharing that he should not actually and actively serve on a committee as he's being investigated could possibly lead to the trail that he may in fact colluded with foreign adversaries. Thereby, making him not only a spy but a double agent working potentially on behalf of our enemies. He is in way over his head and the people that supported him early on to get him elected may have made him multiple felon and a traitor. By hiding the facts and the consequences therin, that whatever they did to get him elected was illegal. Maybe even multiple illegal actions have taken place leading us further into a rabbit trail. Politics is dirty, but these envelopes being pushed so far right to the extreme is overlooking the fact our system allowed the insurrectionists to be reelected. Many are now serving on powerful and influential committees granting them special and broad accesses to top secret information that is detrimental to our Democracy. During his campaign, Santos moved so far ahead in his campaign in a heavily Democratic district to win office. No way in the world the GOP did not vet this man. Santos, even if it's his real name, was top notch dirty. The GOP knew he could get away with lying the whole time, a con. It was par for the course because the GOP needs Congressional votes and they weren't going to get it honestly. I'm not political, but it's clear that they are in fact, a political party that plays really dirty like a drunken fraternity house complete with a rape room. Santos has not convinced anyone as of yet that whatever he says is actually true. We don't know who this man actually is. AND HE'S A CONGRESSMAN WTF.
In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.