In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
As US Congressman Seth Moulton suggested, US should just send 50 Abrams to Ukraine to get Germany to release the Leopard tanks to Ukraine. They could be used as stationary artillery so they would not be using scarce fuel reserves or breaking down in frontier areas tying up more scarce resources.
Germany's logic is bizarre, that German tanks killing Russians creates some kind of moral issue. The tanks were built to defend Europe from Russian aggression which would be killing Russians. German tanks killed as many Ukrainians as Russians in WWII so, as the article points out, using them to save the Ukrainians now is morally correct.
No logic or consistency to Germany's actions. As the leading apologist state for Russia and Putin prior to the Ukraine war, Germany has a greater obligation to help Ukraine defend itself.
Demand US send Abrams tanks which are too big and complex and fuel hungry for Ukraine makes zero sense.
It's not a line for the US, the Abrams are the wrong tank for Ukraine, the fuel logistics alone make it a poor tactical choice.
It's not a line for Germany, the Leopard tanks are designed and built to kill Russians in defense of Germany and Europe. That is exactly what they will be doing in Ukraine.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Curious why Leopard is better? Abrams can run on diesel as well i think, but consumes much more. What else? better armored, quicker movements. training would be annoying, but hmars required the same.
Why don't you think Germany is concerned about Putin's reaction? And hoping the US would join them to show unified front?
The US has already sent howitzers, HIMARs and will soon send Bradley's, not to mention the thousands of MANPADs. As far as offensive weaponry to Ukraine, the US is pretty much "all in". Sending in Abrams is not symbolic of anything.
Abrams is a beast in every sense, uses too much fuel and very high maintenance. Totally unsuited to Ukraine military situation.