If they're a PMC does that mean Poland, or a small NATO force, could hypothetically cross in to Ukraine and completely annihilate them with little recourse? Asking for a friend.
Edit: There's also triple canopy whose core is made up of former US special forces. They also worked closely with a mercenary group out of Latin America which got some flak for paying their soldiers extremely poorly and not giving adequate training.
I hate to break it to you but the United States already has the largest mercenary force in the world who has their own track record of being completely unethical (although not quite to the extent of Wagner which seems to be evil personified). I'm sure the name blackwater rings some bells although I think they are officially academi now.
Edit 2: If blackwater doesn't ring any bells they're best known for gunning down 17 Iraqi civilians in a crowded area in one of the biggest military fuckups in the Iraq war.
A lot (a lot but not most) military ops run by the United States are supported by private military firms who don't have to abide by treaties and regulations imposed by government militaries.
Edit 3: I'm also not trying to justify Wagner I just think large private militaries in general are bad.
Wagner is basically part of the Russian military. None of those organizations have ever been integrated into the military operations of the US military nor have unusual privileges like being able to recruit from prison.
Edit: if by not integrated you mean that the US has not officially recognized them as part of their military then yes you're right, but they regularly take military contracts from the United States so it's more semantics than anything. The first sentence on their Wikipedia page about Iraq is "blackwater played a substantial role in the Iraq war as a contractor for the United States military".
Edit: The roles of blackwater and Wagner group are definitely different though I'll give you that. Blackwater mostly does security while Wagner leads full on assaults and offensive military operations. That's why Wagner is substantially worse than blackwater.
Still though, that doesn't mean blackwater doesn't have a horrible track record of indiscriminately killing civilians on US military contracts.
Edit: Also I will admit that there is an inherent difference in that everything in Russia is under more government control than the United States which is more private Enterprise. The difference is negligible though because the result is two private armies that are still essentially a wing of their nations armed forces. It's just that it's a different wing, blackwater (security) and Wagner (assaults and massacres too).
Belarus and many nearby countries are giving troops and loyalty to putin in exchange for heat (gas/oil). They need heat. If Hungary signs a gas deal with Russia (high likelihood?), Ukraine will be surrounded. The troops from the other gas signee countries will be in the hundreds of thousands.This means Ukraine has to defend all other border areas in addition to their current goals. Russia and those troops can overrun Ukraine by February. China is providing tons (in 50 ton loads) of winter gear to Russia. N. Korea is sending arms and troops. So, Ukraine will immediately need more guns, ammo, tanks, winter gear, and troops than expected. Don't forget to protect the waterfront and Moldova from Black Sea subs and ship attacks. putin won't squander this unique opportunity. Kick putin.