Hey everyone! My name is Andrey Pertsev and I’m a Russian journalist with Meduza. My work also appears in Carnegie Russia and Riddle. I’m best known for having sources throughout the Russian government, and understanding the political machinations of the Russian Federation. I’m from Arkhangelsk, but I’ve been to a majority of Russia’s regions and know their political structures well.
On January 26th, Meduza was outlawed in Russia. The Russian Prosecutor General’s Office designated Meduza as an illegal, “undesirable organization.” Officials announced in a public statement that Meduza’s activities “pose a threat to the foundations of the Russian Federation’s constitutional order and national security.” That means we’re banned from operating on Russian territory under threat of felony prosecution and any Russian citizens who “participate in Meduza’s activities” also could also face legal repercussions. Me, for example.
That's very interesting. I'm a little surprised they weren't at least somewhat prepared for this. They knew Biden was going to Poland and "surprise" visits to Ukraine from world leaders have been a thing for nearly a year now.
EDIT: We’re translating back and forth between English and Russian. Sorry if we take a few minutes. Please bear with us.
Underestimating the resolve and courage of the west is one of the key mistakes they keep making. The FSB probably told decision makers that Biden would be too afraid, because it makes them feel fuzzy.
EDIT 2: Thanks for all of your questions everyone Unfortunately, we have to go, but maybe we’ll get a chance to answer a few more tomorrow before Putin’s speech. If you want to follow along for said speech, we will be doing a live blog on our site. Have a nice day.
Yes the honestly think that people from "the west" are huge pussies. It's sort of weird because they don't understand that "speaking softly" doesn't mean you aren't carrying a big stick.
The USA told the Kremlin at the very last moment, and so my sources in state media said that they didn’t receive instructions on how to cover it for a while. That means the Kremlin didn’t know exactly how to react. It’s likely that Putin and his inner circle are in the process of rewriting his speech to the parliament tomorrow.
Honestly most people are ego centric when it comes to assessing others actions and motivations. 💯 this was Putin thinking of the coin were flipped, he wouldn’t.
Why oh why do they say shit like this? So then he goes, and Biden looks tough and it looks like Kyiv is under control and in no danger from the Russians.
Putin’s elites are used to existing with Putin in the role of “arbiter,” but there’s no other such “arbiter” among them. Therefore, a conflict between different groups would be quite likely.
One way or another, yes. People spend more money on groceries, can't buy appliances, and so on. But often they think that the West is punishing them. Of course, if you tell them about getting rid of sanctions truthfully, they will gladly want to get rid of them. At least quite a few of them will.
You can tell from his appearance that he is not feeling well. He often has trouble moving one arm, his legs shake. He stammers in his speeches. The media has reported that Putin might have cancer. I’ve heard that, too.
Awareness comes when people see the truth and coping mechanisms can no longer resist it. We manage to reach a significant part of the Internet audience, but the older generation still watches TV and reads pro-government tabloids. Making predictions about what will happen after Putin is a thankless task. But I can say that in regional elections in Russia people very often vote for opposition candidates who offer solutions to economic problems rather than “the greatness of Russia.” Democracy in Russia is quite possible!
There are two points of view - according to one (and it seems to be confirmed by official sociological surveys) Russians support the war and Putin. According to the other, the majority of citizens do not support the war, but are afraid to answer honestly to pro-government sociologists. The truth is out there. Most likely, the share of support for the war is much lower than official sociological data - people are really afraid to speak honestly, there are criminal penalties for “discrediting the army” in Russia. According to the indirect results of independent researchers who do not ask directly, we can judge that support for the war specifically is not so high - people are tired of the news about the war, they would like peace negotiations (especially if Putin initiated them). Young Russians, as a rule, are against the war. There is an apathetic part of society, which continues to live as if nothing has happened - the war disturbs it. They don’t want to go to the front - according to polls, the level of anxiety in Russian society exceeds the level of calm. Moreover, anxiety arises at moments when new rumors of mobilization arise. Finally, there is indeed a large segment of society that supports the war: these are people who watch television and consider themselves supporters of the authorities. But again, in this group we can identify another subgroup - Russians who seriously think that this is a “special operation” and that the Russian army is fighting the Nazis. They are victims of propaganda. Thus, Russian society is very heterogeneous in its support for the war, although it should not be downplayed.
There are difficulties, sources gradually sift themselves out. I weed out false sources myself. But now there is another problem - the Kremlin does not control the situation, especially in the war, and it has to adjust to that reality. That is why its plans are increasingly collapsing.
I’m not sure anyone can answer that question. First of all, because until the war began the Kremlin managed the situation itself where it could and tried not to act directly where it wasn’t in control. Now Putin is not in control of the situation, he is clearly not able to put even part of his plans into practice. Predicting his behavior under such conditions is very difficult, as is predicting the behavior of the Russian elite. We thought they were stronger and more reasonable than they turned out to be. But maybe they will turn out not to be so weak?
Putin has been acting quite impulsively of late, and this cannot be completely ruled out. But he is focused on China, and the leadership in Beijing is unlikely to want nuclear escalation.
There is a very strong gap between the audience of the free Internet and the audience of propaganda. By the way, on the Internet there are staunch supporters of the invasion, of Putin, and so on. But we are talking about the phenomena in general. What makes Russia different from China is that it does not yet have a video-hosting service that can compete with YouTube. Many have learned to use VPNs. And that approach has a rich tradition: back in Soviet times, people listened to so-called “enemy voices” on the radio (BBC, Radio Liberty, Voice of America, etc…).
In Russia, according to the Constitution, the Prime Minister would act as President. I think well of Navalny - I think he is a strong man and a good politician.
Thank you The TV really looks at you in Russia – in the store, in the cafe, and so on. You can’t get away from it, it will get you everywhere. Corruption is what has degraded Putin and his entourage, which is why they started the war, thinking that Europe and the U.S. would not benefit from stopping them. One small consolation: corruption has led to the deplorable state of the Russian army. Isn’t that useful.
Спасибо и вам! Unfortunately, we had to close the podcast, which we promised to do if our prediction didn’t come true. It didn’t. My co-host is now in another country and doing science. But maybe you’ll still hear my voice on one more, maybe even a few more podcasts. Let’s not get discouraged.
After the outbreak of war, there is no question of any soft power. On the contrary, undesirable artists are banned in Russia itself.
This happened before the war started, because Russia had already imposed counter-sanctions on food products from Europe and the United States. Agribusiness became really profitable, but now it has problems with fodder, breeding animals, and seeds. In addition, the purchasing power of Russians is falling. There is no benefit in terms of the economy from the war.
The budget is definitely in deficit and a very serious one at that. Military expenditures and the loss of hydrocarbon markets are having an impact. But it is better to read other authors from Meduza, or Alexandra Prokopenko from Carnegie.
In the 1990s, Russia existed managed to exist under a not very strong or tough leader. The experience is there. The connection between the regions is economically established, and it is difficult to imagine them breaking away from one another. With reasonable federal leadership and serious powers in the regions, Russia will remain whole.
Question: “Does the Russian opposition and the remainder its free press recognize that there is a possibility of Russia’s disintegration as a result of this war? Would such a scenario be acceptable for the people in Moscow and in St.-Pétersbourg, in your opinion? If not, what is a realistic acceptable endspiel?”.
Originally, we wrote the following reply to a comment that we can no longer see, so we thought we’d add it here, so as not to wast the effort.
He was misinformed about the mood of Ukrainian society. Putin believes that he is fighting the West and the U.S. and that he has made a preemptive strike.
Of course I don’t support the war. If you mean Russian society’s opinion on the war, you can see one of my answers below.