In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Most states have what are called "sore loser" laws that prevent a candidate from running as an independent if they lost the primary of another party. Not that it would necessarily stop him but would limit the damage he would cause.
McConnell doesn't have to do what he says because he'll get re-elected no matter what. Only reason I can think of that he'd bother condemning this is to try and keep Trump from the nomination since he knows he's poison for the GOP in elections.
The problem they have is that if Trump doesn't win the nomination he will claim that it was rigged against him, run as an independent and try to tear down any republicans standing in his way. Splitting the party like that would result in massive democratic gains in 2024.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I hope so, but it's pretty lose/lose for them either way since Trump makes people who don't usually bother to vote turn out like nobody else. Nobody took him seriously in 2016. We do now.
Trump would be fine with losing if it meant that someone he hated lost more. Let's say that Desantis gets the nomination. Do you really believe that Trump would stand back and endorse him as the nominee? It seems more likely that he would do everything he could to punish the Republican party for disloyalty.
I could see that happening but I think that Trump believes that the presidency belongs to him. He never backs down. I think we can agree that if he loses the primary he will find a way to punish the GOP for it.
I'm not sure why you're being downvoted it's a good question. The sore loser laws only apply to presidential candidates in a few states. Most of them are states that he wasn't going to win regardless. The two that do matter are Michigan and West Virginia. If he loses big on Super Tuesday he can withdraw from the Republican primary and not trigger the law in West Virginia. In Michigan, he can run a campaign as a write-in candidate.