In large parts of Africa Facebook is literally the only Internet access they have. They've made a special version of the app that users can access even if they have no mobile data credit. Something like 90% of Africans access their Internet through a mobile device and do not own a computer or Wi-Fi so all the news, entertainment and search results are delivered directly via Meta.
Unless it's meta SIM card, then they can do what they like. Many phone contracts offer services such as "Unlimited YouTube" because they can exclude that from your data usage report.
If you are too poor to have a phone contract there might be a company willing to give you free limited "internet" if you only use their ad enabled services.
Political polarization, the anti-vax movement, the rise of populism, the misinformation wars, etc... All these things that we've seen undermine Western democracy in the past decade are only just getting started. These effects will be 100x worse as 2bn poorly educated people in Africa and India come online through mobile devices.
Worse globally. In English, if you talk about murdering people on a genocidal level (or any level) the algorithm will usually pick that up and stop spreading it. In Amharic the algorithm promotes the shit out of that.
In the US that may be the case. In other countries cell packages grant you data that is limited to certain areas of the web because they do not have net neutrality laws. In may many countries you can walk into the store and buy a SIM that gives you access to WhatsApp, Facebook, Insta, Snap, and a few other socials, and that's it. Then you can pay 2x or 5x as much if you want general internet access too. Many people in the developing world have this type of address-specific internet plan, and they access the internet only through mobile devices with apps that are a custom-made stream of whatever personalized content they are most vulnerable to. Facebook, TikTok, YouTube, etc.
Facebook isn't a message board though, it's a vector that finds vulnerable people and pushes content upon them to which they are vulnerable.
Not only is it not moderated, it's actively promoted and fed to anybody vulnerable, because it generates engagement, which is essentially the only metric that matters to the algorithm deciding who sees what.
It's more like if somebody put a message board out in the village, then when somebody posted a racist message on there, Facebook sought out every single person in the country that might be influenced by that hateful message and posted some variation of it into their pockets 10 times a day to intentionally incite racism, because that's what keeps them reading the messages.
Facebook isn't a passive medium, it is by its very nature active in retrieving data on what people are vulnerable to, and pushing content based upon that.