It's kinda sad how this turned from our last ray of hope to get Maduro out to... well, nothing at all.
Back when he was appointed 99% of the people I know were happy and hopeful for the future, but ended up being exactly the same as most opposition leaders, we lacked a plan and good leadership.
Here's to another few years of Maduro's bullshit, "opposition" shitting the bed and absolutely nothing changing for years.
Maybe it's because of a combination of incompetence, corruption and the fanatical dedication of your friends up north to sabotage, , and any, opportunity anything that isn't rabidly right-wing capitalist? Can you imagine how it had turned out if they weren't corrupt, had studied at a Scandinavian school for public servants and had been supported by the wealthiest nation on earth?
Angarita was a populist, Jimenez was a dictatorship and got coup'd too, funny how you say USA weren't involved then but "actual Venezuelans" when the governments after him were really close with them.
Are you an American living in Venezuela? It's difficult to believe any Venezuelan who knows their history would say something so wrong. Its not a secret that the US funded this coup just like it's no secret they funded the coup in '48. Do you know where Jiminez fled to safety when actual Venezuelans threw him out and restored democracy? The last American president openly put a price on Maduro's head and everyone knows about the USAID jackpot that awaited Guaido. Even if you pretend the multiple coups never happened, you can't escape the fact that the US was all too happy to be Chavez and Maduros most important trade partners-- whether it was toppling Venezuelas govts or supporting their dictators, the US has always been involved in Venezuela and you embarrass yourself saying otherwise.
Holy fuck a coup 50 years ago won't have effect on current crisis specially when the entire political system has changed since then.
Everything you mentioned is fairly recent. USA was never involved against Chávez, or even Maduro until sanctions.
Do they have the phrase "moving the goal posts" in Venezuela? Did you just forget that Jimenez' dictatorship was funded by America? I guess you've lived there all your life but maybe you're only like 10 years old and so all of that is ancient history to you.
American oil owns Venezuela-- that's called being involved. American oil owned and funded Chavez just like it owned and funded Jimenez. No matter what side you're on, the unavoidable fact is that America is always involved, and if things aren't going the way they want, they'll assassinate your leaders or fund a coup. Learn your history.
As backwards as it might look like, it's true. Sanctions caused Maduro to make the market "freer" because they can't launder money outside the country so they are forced to use it here.