In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
As part of the recent standoff for speakership elections the right Wingers forced McCarthy to push through a ban on super Pacs during primaries this is legal because it is the political party saying if you want to be a republican you can't do this. The progressives could have pushed for the exact same thing during the last speaker shift debate instead the new preeminent Democratic speaker runs a Super PAC that primaries progressives.
This is one of the things the progressives could have extracted from Pelosi during her nomination as speaker. It is something the right wing was able to extract from the most recent speaker elections.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Congress reps are pulled out of meetings so they can sit in a cubicle and do telemarketing to their constituents. I wish I was joking.
Money in politics doesn't matter for nearly as much as some seem to think. We saw this in the Ohio house primaries, we saw this with the 2020 Senate elections in Kentucky and South Carolina where like a hundred million dollars were burned totally uselessly, we saw this in 2016, and so on.
It's easy to say "well if we just get rid of the money in politics, suddenly the voters will stop being influenced and will start doing the right thing (which happens to be what I want too)". But just because it's a convenient idea doesn't mean politics is actually that easy.
The majority of a congressperson's job is spent fundraising eyewatering sums of money, even if they are in a safe district, because the party requires that money to be placed into the party pot for competitive districts.
Plus, the reason that money is burnt is because both sides are spending money saturating the airwaves. If only one side is spending that money, the outcome may be different depending on how effective the messaging is.