In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The MAGAites crow about voter fraud are like the people who live is towns of 7000 and the 10-15 people who are family, friends and co-workers they socialize with all vote for red, and they don't see the world outside, the hundreds of millions of other Americans. In their tiny minds, Jim-Bob and Helen at work are the voting base of America, and they voted red so how could they have lost???
What they don't seem to get is that pandering to an ever shrinking MAGA isn't gonna get them anywhere.
The fact that they keep referring to themselves as a "product" and a "brand" makes it pretty clear that they still don't get it.
And crying about voter fraud that has never had any evidence reach a court much less win a case isn't going to sway those people either.
You have those votes already. You need to pull in the moderates to win. Campaigning on nothing at all really and just saying "libs bad" isn't going to sway those people.
Must have been cheating because a Diaper wearing Bunker Boy egged them on with a schtick of "rigged" he's been doing his whole life well before he got into politics because his fragile ego.
But it did explain why they have better messaging than the democrats. If but for roe, this would have been a slaughter because of how democrats failed to promote accomplishments and pin the lack of action on inflation on Republicans and the source of action on corporations.
Yes, Roe had a hand in it (because it polls something like 80% in favor of Roe) but it was also talk about hitting medicare and social security, "securing" elections and schools letting kids use litter boxes. People are just tired of noise.
Their messaging sucked. They lost multiple seats in nys because the establishment democrats didn't address crime or inflation. Just hammered on abortion and trumpism. The head of the DCCC lost his own seat because his own messaging was bad.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.