This bots were already used on Reddit as common accounts and people interacted with them unknowing they were speaking to an neural AI bot.
If anyone could be a bot, if companies sells "advanced chat autocorrects" packages to increase chances to seduce online, etc... then we'll end up with bots talking to bots and real people will just completly drop those platforms.
It's no longer possible to determine in anything resembling the timespan of a normal online interaction on a comment thread, for example. You'd likely need, say, 10 comments/messages exchanged or more to be able to definitively tell (and that's based on currently publicly available models. Who knows what Google has -- we know fairly little about the performance of models like LaMDA and PaLM beyond what Google wants us to see.) When this knowledge permeates society and becomes conventional wisdom, I'd imagine online forums and other casual forms of online communication (I.e. forums not somehow anchored in the real world through a real group, or populated by people known personally to you) will be in for some trouble. Assuming captchas or potentially personal online IDs become commonplace. I'm hoping for the former, but who can say?
I don't see how they can really monetize it like they have with google though. It would immediately turn me away. I'm sure they really wanted that data they got from letting the world use it for as long as we did. I cannot imagine how valuable that truly is combined with their targeted marketing algorithms and personal spreadsheet on every living human being.
Nowadays I just go straight to the scientific paper honestly. Usually its only 2-3 hyperlinks away from an article if its got any legs, but the AI can pull general information about those papers existence from the few questions I asked it about theoretical physics and enclosed biospheres. It can't do the science for us.
I don't know. They aren't exactly subtle when the need for branding is necessary. They can certainly milk it for any personal data/preferences, but if they inject direct advertisements into it I think people will just immediately be turned away.
I think actually people will soon just start to distrust the internet because of that incentive to be honest. AI can be incredibly malicious if you imagine all the ways it will break modern security methods and proliferate biased sponsored content.
AI might just be such a benevolent invention that it's near impossible to turn it into something that isn't almost all beneficial in relation to work. Aside from the infrastructure required to process and send the data and the electricity, but our economic system impoverishes people who don't have work so we have a problem.
Right and they might be able to get away with a modest amount of money if they go one way or the other. I don't think it will be the the billions they are hoping for though. It's going to shatter the current economy not prop it up.
I agree its definitely 100x more digestible then google. Just for the fact it isn't riddled with sponsored content. It also still needs to be double checked but it produces quick results and I'm sure could be improved by just the reference data it utilizes for specific fields. Machine learning is amazing.
No it's not the tool I'm worried about. It's the economic structuring we already use that we will try to implement it around. The tool itself is great.
Thomas Newcomen would be proud we figured out so many uses for the combustion engine I'd imagine. He'd probably also be disgusted that we've built personal hunks of metal and paved over 60% of the landscape to move around in metal deathtraps in a rush to provide more economic activity. The device was originally created to pump water out of flooded mines. To make work easier for man. Not to kill us in a rush to get to work.
Yeah somehow with all that's going on I didn't even put those two events into context. Are we gonna start taxing and distributing UBI or what? They are literally investing in the tools to replace half the work force at the moment with AI. All while burning good portions of the workforce in tech. The bottom line where we are heading is honestly disgusting and quite frankly unsustainable for the majority of the population.
There will 100% be bad actors. Geo-politics alone will dictate that. If that is indeed the route they try to steer it we might see the first internet mass exodus. Whether its networks isolating themselves or people actually trying to relay information in different methods. OR heavily controlled narratives with in real time censorship against opposing views. Pretty dystopian.
Wow a bachelors in computer science I imagine? Surely that gives you an all-encompassing view of the world. You probably know many syntax. I don't have a computer science degree and I can use that tool to dabble with code as long as I know what my objective is. It can even help me define it down into smaller chunks and write very efficiently. You should really be concerned.
Social security is doomed to fail along with 401k. They are both based on unsustainable infinite growth which now that the demographics of the country are shrinking they know is impossible. There is a reason they are trying to reverse the right for abortions. Every large country is currently worried about this. I think they will push for war like they always want to. Geo-politics are getting really messy really fast.
Also gives the personal incentive to not believe its going to replace you. Why would you contribute then? This tech is still in its infancy as far as propagating through all channels to where people can learn how to utilize it properly even. ChatGPT is a language learning model.
The guy I responded to can't even use English syntax properly so I don't get why you are defending him. I am saying being a specialist from the coders perspective isn't enough to understand the economic impacts.
If a show producer is the only person needed to produce content then that's 95% of the industry gone. The only thing left to worry about it people to distribute and consume it.
Nothing new. As in you've already been exposed to it. It clearly hasn't finished proliferating the markets. It is actively disrupting new fields every month or two now it seems. Text to video is coming out soon... Ridiculous.
No because that can't literally exist that is the point of my argument. The economic structuring of our country is extremely flawed in that regard which you're evading quite beautifully your understanding of. I get it you code. You think you know everything because you live a nice life at the moment. I can hope you remain happy through the next decade of turbulence.
Fewer and fewer people each time will be left. Middle management exists because of the same damn problem. People need jobs. That is literally a requirement of the economy's existence. Whether its corporate bloat or dead end jobs, pointless in existence more and more become today.
Machine learning algorithms can do an exponential amount more work in any task we are able to define for it. Human's could not even observe a fraction of the same amount of data these algorithms can sift through in 100 lifetimes.
You think that process won't get optimized and done quicker and quicker each time? How hard would it be to write an AI that can write other AI's based on context you feed it. They can already code. I get there will be "some" people required to operate, build, and continually check these codes.
From where I understand it already is impossible once the code is set in motion to actually scrutinize it personally. Way larger data set then any human can work with. Basically going to end up relying on algorithms to check algorithms.
Yeah I was first introduced to the concept by a youtuber Code Bullet a few years back which I thought visualized the process fantastically by utilizing it in a video game environment. It really does just learn by massive amounts of failure and you just basically safe guard it towards an acceptable answer by setting rules.