In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Also, there's plenty of room between strong Manchin style moderates and staunch progressives, so it's not like "not nominating a progressive again" needs to be all that bad.
Two of the new districts were competitive vs. one previously. GOP was able to pick up one of them plus the one they traditionally held. Schrader, the previous "Democrat" who held the seat voted with the GOP.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Not really though. Democrats made an effort to provide balanced districts which is hard to do in a state like OR that has rational, science based voters and mail in voting.
The Overton window in the US has steadily been marching leftward over the past 20 years or so. Manchin voted for a gargantuan stimulus that massively dwarfed the 2009 stimulus, and also voted for the biggest climate bill in history, which also expanded healthcare and reformed prescription drugs. He may not be as liberal as we'd like but he's no conservative.
Pretty much sums it up. District 5 will be close no matter what. The other districts not so much. 2 will probably always be far right and the rest most likely left.
And Obama said the ACA was a republican plan. Turns out politicians play fast and loose with the truth in order to appeal to swing voters. That's fine - but it doesn't mean they are actually correct.
How's that relevant? Republicans will call every Democrat a crazy progressive. Why would you take their word for it?
No "free college for all", just "free community college and some loan reforms". John's got the normie lib stance there, not the prog one.
I mean Fetterman is just the sort of politician who I'm talking about - someone who is far from the hardcore Manchin style moderate, but also far from a Bernie/AOC progressive. He's sorta progressive in a sense but focuses a lot on pocketbook issues and doesn't have the radical campus activist thing of "gotta take the leftmost stance on every issue and be loud about it" that some on the left are into. He's someone like Sherrod Brown imo, another one who seems to be in the good middle ground.
That's basically right from Biden's platform, far from the staunch medicare for all support that Bernie/AOC progressives call for.
So, as opposed to the progressive "green new deal, no fracking, stop fossil fuels" stance, he's for shifting to green energy but still supporting fossil fuels too, that's right around where the normie liberal stance is.
Sounds rather more moderate than the "assault weapons bans" that progressives and even some liberals want.
So basically "a pathway to citizenship and make legal immigration a bit easier but also increase border security", sounds pretty moderate compared to the progressive "decriminalize undocumented border crossings" stances we saw in the 2020 primaries.
Meanwhile according to the stances Fetterman actually took, as per my citations from literally his website, he didn't run as a hard core liberal, but basically as a normie establishment Democrat, someone like Biden.
You are saying he ran as a "hard core liberal" but using the skewed accusations of his opponents to support that.
Guy just sounds like a normie Democrat. Not that different from folks like Biden. No need to radicalwash him.