Asra Panahi, 13 years old, was beaten to death in her school by Iran's regime forces for not participating in forced regime propaganda chants.
Kian Pirfalak, 9 years old, was shot dead by the regime forces in the middle of the street while travelling home with his father in a car.
There are even videos of a child being shot at (thankfully not hit because his father pushed him away) for standing near the window looking at the government forces in the streets outside of their home. Tell me where children in Iran can go to be safe if not in their homes, their cars, with their families, in their schools?
I wanted to add that Kian's family have released a video showing them keeping his corpse at home on ice before they until find a safe time to give him a funeral (I have posted the video on my profile if anyone is looking for it, nsfw/l). This is because the regime in Iran frequently steals the bodies of protestors or political prisoners that they kill or hospitalize in order to prevent anyone from finding out what happened to them and to prevent their families from holding funerals for them.
[For example, 21 year old Armita Abbasi was kidnapped from the hospital she was sent to as a result of severe internal bleeding from anal rape torture while she was imprisoned for partaking in the anti regime protests in late October and she has not been heard from since.] (.
I'm not sure they are actually "fighting like hell." It's clear the regime is not going to change through peaceful protest - they've murdered hundreds in the past to suppress social evolution and they'll do it again, without blinking; they are doing it now.
[16 year olds Sarina Esmailizadeh and Nika Shakerami were both arrested by the regime, tortured and raped in prison, and murdered by the regime forces in prison.] (.
I'm not talking about the Mullahs themselves, I'm talking about their thugs. And they are roaming with impunity, they're not being shot in the streets and beaten by mobs of hundreds of people. The average Iranian citizens outnumber those thugs the Mullahs use to maintain control many times over, yet they still roam freely, beating and arresting people, executing teenagers, and shooting kids in front of their parents. Iranians have a lot more to do to get invested enough in this situation if they want any actual change. Unrest and riots against the Mullahs has happened before, and was eventually squashed before, and that is just repeating itself with better news coverage this time.
[13 year old Asra Panahi was beaten to death by regime forces in her school for not partaking in pro regime propaganda chants.] (.
P.S. is a better result than street marches and shop closings. Hope to see a lot more like that. You're delusional if you think it will take anything less.
Please explain to me how my people could be fighting harder, I’d LOVE to hear what you say as you sit in the safety of your home.
"Fighting like hell" will be when anyone wearing an IRGC or Regime uniform gets shot at the moment they step out of their facility or APC. I believe it will take actual armed revolution to overthrow the mullahs in Iran, nothing else works with their types of authoritarians.
Iran is also one of the few countries in the world where the regime over it's 43 hear rule has legalized child executions by hanging (having hung two teenagers for consensual gay sex around 2017), and legalised child marriage for girls as young as 9 during their brutal reign. Khomeini's tahrir al wasilah also rules that it is permissable to rape girls as young as 9 and to sexually assault without intercourse girls even younger than that. Children aren't safe at the hands of the Iranian regime, nobody is safe from the regime.
Shutting down shops, going out in the streets and protesting, and getting your people arrested by the thousands while the mullah thugs roam with impunity is a far cry from the people taking up arms and outright killing the thugs trying to impose brutal authoritarian rule. That's what actual "fighting like hell" looks like - at this stage they are merely still protesting. And protesting isn't going to change shit with the leadership they have, hasn't ever in over 40 years.
Call me when they go full Libya or Syria on the Ayatollah's regime, that will be "fighting like hell.".
“Mullah thugs roam with impunity”. The fact that you think the people in power are the mullahs whose turbans are getting knocked off shows me exactly how well-versed you are on this topic and Iranian history.
Also Syria is currently a war-zone with a mass exodus of refugees. Libya was at war until 2 years ago and has post-poned democratic elections at least three times since December 2021.
Oh yes, the old "unless you've done it personally yourself countless lessons from history are irrelevant" argument. Yeah, we're done here.
Revolutions take time. It’s been just over 2 months. The previous revolution in tool more than a year. Things are evolving, changing, and growing everyday. Your criticism, though I believe it’s coming from a place of good intentions, does not help the movement. It actually harms it.
Actually there have been regime forces that have been killed, but sure, tell people who’ve lived for decades under autocratic dictatorship how to fight their war.
It seems you think people marching in streets and carrying signs and not going to work is going to create some sort of change against a authoritarian pseudo-fascist religious regime that has no problem murdering thousands of his own citizens to maintain control.
I’m sorry, is over 50 children dead, women going in to the street despite knowing if they are taken they are guaranteed to be raped and forcibly married to their prison guard, over 15,000 people imprisoned - most without any formal charges, oil and steel workers on strike, shutting down of bazaars and stores for days and days, daily protests in every single province in the country, and global protests numbering in the tens and hundreds of thousands every single weekend for 2 months straight not fighting like hell to you?
Iran, though a rich, proud, and old culture and nation, has been subjugated by outside forces for decades - it’s the current Islamic Republic, the ousted Shah, the CIA and MI6 coup of the democratically elected prime minister, British Petroleum - and are finally determining their own future.
It’s incredibly easy to tell people how to obtain their freedom when you haven’t lived your life in one of the most corrupt places on Earth. Where you’re not at risk for being arrested and being a man in shorts.
Nobody thinks we’re going to win this fight with dandelions and hand-holding. But unless you know this regime, have been subjugated by, have had your life and livelihood threatened by it, listen to the people doing the actual work, fighting the actual fight.
Wasn't aware that saying they need to do much more than protest and walk out of jobs to get rid of their oppressive regime was "standing in the way or criticizing," but hey you do your take man. 🤔.
Or don’t. Ignore it and leave us be, that’s totally fine. But don’t stand in our way and don’t criticize us for something you’re just now learning about. Just move aside and let the people do it their way.
But it is working. And they are not as peaceful as everyone seems to think. People are fighting back with the tools they have, just not with guns. It doesn’t mean they are peaceful.
I saw my cousin almost get arrested for wearing a tank top. As a man. Until they walked away we were afraid he was going to be taken. My great-aunt was informed that they had murdered her son by showing up at her house with a bill for the bullets they used to execute him.
Let the people on the ground who have lived under this regime, who know them better than anyone, determine their future. It’s really easy to talk about what they should or shouldn’t do it you’ be never been there, if you’ve truly never put your life on the line for your country.
Unless you’ve actually been to Iran, until you’ve felt how deep the corruption, the harassment, and the intimidation goes, I think it’s really hard to conceptualize what is happening.
When religious extremism is mixed with barbarism, this type of incomprehensible slaughter and cruelty becomes boring regularity. Imagine how casual the guards became gassing people in the Holocaust or mowing scholars down with AKs in the Killing Fields.
It's not like you'd feel guilty for every single life you took... especially when you supposedly have your deity on "your side".
That’s all we want. Just let us determine our future. If you don’t want to support or join, that’s totally fine. Just don’t stand in our way and don’t criticize how we do it unless you’ve done this yourself. Because you simply cannot imagine what the Iranian people have gone through.
There has been a very telling slogan in international solidarity marches for iran where people hold signs saying "Iranian people don't need you to save our women, we need you to stop saving our regime". That puts Iranian people's wishes together concisely.
Iranians don't want indirect intervention in the country, but they want countries to stop giving the regime validity and implicitly keeping them in power.
Why can Khomeini's great granddaughter be used as a pro forced hijab and regime tool in Iran while she lives dresses and parties freely in toronto. Why can Khamanei own five properties in the UK while Rouhani has citizenship there too. Why can NIAC operate as a pro regime lobby group in the US with direct ties to Iranian politics from. Why can Dariush Sajjadi a former regime political advisor operate a pro regime media outlet where he lives freely in the US.
Please do not make the mistake of believing this islamist regime in any way represents Iranian people.