In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
>After President Joe Biden took office in 2021, a Chinese spy balloon briefly transited the continental United States, as administration officials have acknowledged. Afterwards, the intelligence community ran some of the balloon’s signals through the US’ intelligence holdings and other data to see where and when they may have popped up in the past.
Sitting on the bus earlier behind some guy talking about this who ended every sentence with ‘that never happened with Trump’ ‘That never happened with Trump Things just get worse n worse don’t they!’.
Man didn't even start his day until at 1:00 pm and that's just the days he was in the White House, there was also all the time at Mar-a-Lago where absolutely nothing but him cheating at golf and gorging at the buffet happened.
The struggle was real for whatever poor bastard got stuck with trying to keep him informed on any given day.
I got in trouble for calling him a Shit Gibbon. Apparently there are way more gibbons on reddit than I was aware of and they can't take a joke. I got tired of "you're giving gibbons a bad rep." comments.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Yup. Went public because the public saw it, took pics, and the media picked it up. Before that happened, yes, the military knew about it. Then Republicans had a tantrum. So now we have to hear about this stuff that otherwise would not have been so quickly released.
Republicans made it a big deal because they just thought it was one balloon and cheap shit to fling. Republicans and Democrats are going to use it for scary bedtime stories.
Downed one in the Atlantic, 2nd Latin America was just sight seeing and no one gave a fuck, 3rd shot down in Beaufort Sea, 4th shot down in Yukon, Canada. 5th one in Bohai strait now.
Only the first 2 were called balloons and both of those were seen by the public. My first guess would be it "did not closely resemble" means it was not a 200ft balloon carrying a scaffolding structure with a shit ton of solar panels the size of a small regional airliner jet.