In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The large amounts of economic migrant deaths are attributable less to el muro and more to the total lack of mass transit within Mexico, let alone safe and dignified transit. Mexico eliminated it's passenger trains when it privatized their network in '94 to join NAFTA. This immediately destroyed all towns built upon the railroad, destroyed all heavy industries not purchased by Americans, and shoved millions onto an extremely incapable road network. It is one of the largest drivers of systematic inequality in Mexico. Mexico's current President is trying to rebuild it, but how far he gets is ultimately up to Americans.
I don't say this to be dismissive about the death - imagine a world where Mexicans could safely travel through Mexico and into the US in a way that could verify their identity, verify their employment status, and ensure their wages are not stolen. Mexico would be a safer place, America would be a richer place, and people wouldn't risk their lives like this. Right now the situation is so bad they'd risk dying like this.
That's kind of the point. The border is a defensive fortification. If people die trying to cross it, they didn't cross.
Better standard of living in Mexico implies fewer people needing or wanting to emigrate as far from 'home'.
This will be especially important in the decades to come, with so many equatorial and tropical areas becoming barely habitable for decades more (best case).
Tropical areas will still be inhabitable, but will be polluted and won't have any nature. Ocean/air acidification, not the least due to AMLO re-allowing sulfurated diesel which will destroy most of the ecology as industrialized urban areas expand. It's central Mexico that will get too hot, and that's where all of Mexico's industry and civilization are. Major new infrastructure is needed for this and it's debatable if the Mexican state can handle the task.