In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Their incentive structures are shifting in ways that are causing the centrifugal forces of irreconcilable factional interests to overcome the centripetal force of party unity. What happened in the Alaska legislature can happen anywhere. It’s already beginning in Kansas.
No, they get 7 figure "Lobbying" or "Consulting" jobs. Christ, Lauren Boebert's barely literate, sex offender husband gets $500,000 for "Consulting" for an oil company, from a barstool.
Most of my family and alot of friends are conservative, we were always able to get together and share holidays ect, even enjoyed some political banter. Now? Not a chance, no attempt at agree to disagree or changing the subject. It's all consumimg, facts became opinions they feel they disagree with and are not happy unless everyone is sitting around nodding their heads at how evil the left is.
It's like dealing with my qanon obsessed brother. If they just push harder, tell the fake believe more emphatically, scream it louder, tear everyone down with Fox news talking points, then attack with half truths and flat out lies, everyone will finally believe how great they are.
The factions or moieties thereof that are starting to break aren’t doing so out of the goodness of their own hearts but to save their own hides. Problem is, they all have conflicting goals and methods for doing so and are now working at cross purposes to each other. Yes, many want to double down on DeSantis, but not all of them and even if they can unanimously support him, I don’t think it will be enough to save them from what’s happening.
Trump was just a symptom of the vitriol that's infected the gop. They aren't trying to distance themselves from him because of a change of heart and a sudden sence of decency. It's to double down on DeSantis. I miss not crazy Republicans, when the biggest guffaw was misspelling potato"e".
Whatever you think of prior administrations, they were nothing like today's extremists. There's always been a type of venom in the gop, a lack of ability to empathize with another human being. This infection I'm talking about really took hold during the Obama administration. I believe their outrage is fed by conservative "entertainment news" media.
The bar has moved so far right that anything short of laughing at hungry kids hiding from active shooters, encouraging cops to kill anyone not middle class white or starting internment camps for anyone "different" is considered liberal. Never thought I'd see the like in my lifetime.