The basics: ‘sex’ is your biological features of penis, vagina, etc and determined by genetics of XX for female and XY for male. Generally male and female, but genetics are weird and you can have genes move around and get intersex people who have various combinations of sex organs.
‘Gender’ is a thought process - it is how a person sees themselves. You can think of it as ‘girl’ and ‘boy’. It is how a person perceived themselves and wants others to see them.
In an example: an intersex person is born with a penis and ovaries (which really can happen!). Their sex is intersex but their gender is ??? In this case, gender is how the person feels - boy or girl would be appropriate. The gender is chosen by the individual. We all choose our genders, but it generally matches our sex.
For third gender, these people don’t feel like they belong in boy or girl categories. Often, non-binary is used because they aren’t one of the two main options. People who don’t associate with one of the traditional genders can define their own gender, even.
It’s a little weird for me, a girl who is female, but hey - if it makes someone feel better about who they are, I’m all for it. I have absolutely no problems calling a person what they want to be called. It’s a lot like arguing that a person named ‘William’ shouldn’t be called ‘Bill’ - that person feels more comfortable as a Bill and associates with the name Bill, so yes, we call them Bill.
The thinking that you have to feel a certain way to be a female or a male is fundamentally flawed and stems from a popularized (thus watered down) debate with feminism. A gender has a multitude of ways how to be lived, and this idea that you don't feel you're a certain gender, is a byproduct of this failed philosophy. Feminists and gender philosophers who've been struggling for decades to remove the stereotypical attributes from women or men are probably rolling in graves seeing how the whole society built an idea exactly around the attributes defining women or men.