It's done specifically so the Canadian feds show up to shut it down. Apparently this is necessary to audience a challenge on the law on prohibition of hard drugs. Seems insane to me...
This is the same guy/people? Those shops were great! Always good quality and prices and usually a decent variety.
I can remember in the 90’s when this guy David Malmo Levigne opened a store selling weed in Vancouver as a political statement. I’d imagine this is a similar idea.
Edit: my bad, different place in saskatchewan that this guy's shop was. Although the ones in the city i live in were a good experience I have no idea what that dispensary was like.
For me the core difference between legalising weed and mushrooms.. pills, etc.. vs things like heroine and cocaine is how addictive they are. Do you go full ham and not limit people’s use of it if it’s legal? That’ll go wrong - look at the opioid problem big farma caused handing out much weaker opioids like candy. Do you restrict them to certain amounts per person? Same problem but now you’re just recruiting en masse for the illegal drug trade.
In general I find the idea of punishing people for using substances a waste of the legal system’s time.. but yeah I can’t really see a situation where legalising heroine to the degree you have heroine shops goes well.
Ah yeah, not punishing the users, providing clean options for existing addicts, injecting rooms etc… I find that all fairly common senses tbh it was only the idea of a heroine shop, that took it too far for me. As for the illegal drug trade … yeah for me you can only reduce that by reducing the number of addicts tbh. So anything that helps support people off opioids is great, but anything that incoursges people to try them… yeah I just can’t shake the opioid crisis lesson tbh.
Opioids are a different beast entirely and treating them the same as totally different drugs isn’t going to work.
It’s frankly not obtuse at all, because we know the outcome so, so well lol. We’ve been seeing it for decades, the behaviour and chemical side of opioid addiction is well understood… We have massive dependency issues with all legal opioids.
So yeah I support any effort to help people off heroine and similar, and we definitely shouldn’t be punishing them for their addictions. So injecting rooms, clean supply are all good. But a total legalisation where anyone can go and buy whatever they want like cigarettes or alcohol for heroine? I can’t see any way it wouldn’t be a total fucking disaster. If someone has some research that contradicts what’s happened with the over supply of all other legal opioids, by all means I - willing to be convinced otherwise. But all I actually hear is a lot of ‘if we ignore everything we know about opioid abuse, it works well for totally different drugs’.
As for opioids only becoming addictive when you’re forced to take them… I mean, it seems a waste of time to indulge that.
Vancouver aggregates all of Canada’s homeless and problem people. People from the rest of Canada think migrating to BC will make their lives better. They arrive to an expensive place that has a lot of opportunities to get into trouble.
It’s most likely an activist trying to convince the government to sell clean drugs on the downtown east side.
This is a bit straw man tbh. People quit cigarettes all the time - I did - and we know it wouldn’t be legal if it started now - it’s being phased out the world over.