In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Just happened to be referencing a senate voting record from 2001 earlier this evening and was kind of surprised to see at the time both N. Dakota senators were democrats, both senators from Colorado were republicans. I must be getting old because sometimes 2001 doesn’t seem that long ago, yet so much has changed and shifted. I was just a kid in middle school back then so maybe I just wasn’t paying attention, but the political tension in this country has become so extreme. Looking back through the fog of memory, pre and post 9/11 feel like completely different existences. anyway… close rambling tangent….
Then again, I wouldn't underestimate any Republican from now on. I was sure that Trump had zero chance of actually being elected in 2016 and we all know how that turned out. Until the results are in after the 2024 election and say that the Democratic candidate won, I'm not going to count the Republican out. Even then, given the Republicans' penchant for challenging election results because "it's fraud if I don't like the outcome," I might not fully rest easy until inauguration day 2025.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
The current GOP electorate would vote for genital warts as long as it had the (R) in front of its name. I’m genuinely concerned about domestic terrorism in the next few years affecting elections. Hell, they already attacked the Capitol.
The party tribalism will take care of that. Herschel Walker was a football player, sure, but even that couldn’t explain getting that close to the Senate. He could barely speak English and was hoping to do good things in the HOUSE when got elected. To say nothing of his personal life.
There are some reports that he's also Trump without the Trump "charisma." (Not sure if that's the best word for being able to whip a crowd into a frenzy like Trump's able to, but I'm tired so I'm going with that.).
Republican voters would vote for genital warts if it had an (R) in front of its name. Party tribalism is so extreme now that Herschel Walker who can barely speak English and has a personal life that doesn’t exactly reflect the GOP’s “Christian values” came within a hair’s width of the Senate after saying how important it was to get into the HOUSE.