They need something to show for the entire Eastern theater of the war since Lysychansk 5 months ago. Especially since all the withdrawals from Kharkiv, Kherson, and (possibly upcoming) ZNPP have made Russians forget even those few victories, and the public opinion is gradually changing to "Russia is losing." Putin needs a recent win to have any chance of ending the war on non-disastrous terms for Russia and himself personally.
Not saying Putin would manage to accomplish that (Ukraine has a good chance of pushing Russia out of the entire Kherson and Zap oblasts, all the way to the Crimean border), but these I think are the current plans.
Bakhmut isn't even that strategically important for Russia anymore. It was in integral city for Russia to control before the Lyman counteroffensive because it kept Russia from advancing toward Sloviansk from the south. Once Russia lost the areas around Lyman, Bakhmut should have been relegated to a second tier front but instead they doubled down, throwing wave after wave of infantry at an area of the front that has probably as many lines of defense as the static area along the Donetsk border. Perhaps it's a case of having lost so much in their attacks that they can't stop now or else it would all have been for nothing.
My guess is they are taking their time and using mud season as relatively safe time to get a break, consolidate and prepare new offensive.
Russia is beyond logical strategy now. The war has delved into a new phase of Russia appeasing the milbloggers with razing cities to dust and cutting infrastructure to civillians. I can't see how they think this will end in their favor. The cost is too high for too little gain.
1. Capture Bakhmut at all costs (even though it'd just be another Mariupol-style destroyed city with no value by the end of it.).
2. Push back Ukraine from the outskirts of Donetsk/Luhansk, to ensure major Russian-held cities are out of range of Ukrainian artillery. This was a goal from day 1, but the Ukrainian defenses along the Toretsk-Avdiivka-Mariinka line have proved virtually impenetrable. The fall of Bakhmut might provide encirclement opportunities, or at least flanking pressure that could make Ukraine withdraw from their most fortified positions in the entire war. I don't think Russia has any steam left to take Slovyansk/Kramatorsk, their current goal is a border lying somewhere roughly equally between Donetsk/Luhansk and those cities.
All for what could amount to nothing more than a land bridge to Crimea should Ukraine not launch a successful counteroffensive there as well. They could annex everything east of the Dneiper and the cost will never be worth it.
The question is what is Ukraine doing. Seems like most of their offensive died down after success at Kherson.
That's why Wagner is almost wholly responsible for the attacks on Bakhmut. Mercenary losses are deniable for Putins regime as they're not official RU soldiers, so Russia would be able to claim having taken the town with only minor casualties, meanwhile Wagner lost 10,000 soldiers.
Not that I'm aware of, but the quality of troops their fielding lately isn't much better than a conscript. They're the group that was recruiting from Russian prisons. They also advertise across the country and offer even generous pay by American standards, up to 5000 USD a month. "Up to" aounds dubious because Idk what a soldier would have to do to see that number, but it no doubt would be very attractive to a great number of people in Russia. They even advertise as no combat experience needed, which is not what you want in a mercenary company.
It is important to shore up defenses after large gains. Those offensive campaigns were costly in terms of armament and manpower. Russias biggest mistake in this conflict was failure to properly reinforce their lines after making the gains early on.