For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Well, a bunch of election denier Republicans are running in these midterms, lots of whom are competitive, and not just in red states either. So it’s safe to say that the GOP learned the lesson that they can openly run candidates that don’t believe in democracy (unless they win, of course), and people just… won’t really push back against that in any meaningful way. So that’ll just be the GOP’s MO from now on.
In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
3) in close races that are won by Democrats in states with GOP-controlled legislatures, the legislatures will award elections to the GOP anyway.
1) a decent chunk of those candidates will win their races, which will only embolden the base even more going into 2024.
4) lawsuits will be filed, but with Moore v. Harper pending at the Supreme Court, and the Court looking like they’re about to rule that state legislatures are allowed to certify whatever election results they want, regardless of how the people vote, all of the above will be completely above board.
6) the Congress that’s elected in 2024 will meet to count the electoral votes on 1/6/25… but unlike last time, the GOP won’t need a riot to stage their coup (either because enough states’ results were certified for the GOP, regardless of what the popular vote counts were, to get them to 270; or if it’s 269-269, they have a majority of enough state delegations (so at least 26, which if I’m not mistaken they have right now) in the House to hand the contingent election to the GOP), and.
7) the GOP will have fully opted out of democracy, and the gloves will then come off as they retaliate against those they perceive to be their political opponents. Fascism, in other words.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.