Can anyone who actually is familiar with Iranian culture help me out? I don't understand where the "moral" line is drawn. Iranian actresses can appear in media without a hijab but there have been women who were attacked by public officials in Iran for breaking moral conduct when posting to social media. (I think as I remember those were social media posts of kissing or dancing or something.) Can you appear in a photo or video without a hijab without being persecuted?
Actresses cannot appear in media without Hijab, even if they're outside Iran. In fact here is (same person article is about) on academy awards red carpet, with some sort of hijab, to stay out of trouble.
Not only that, Asghar Farhadi who's a two times academy award winner, shook a female's hand, and got in trouble for that. The regime has always kept the fear alive in people to not do anything like that, but that fear has evaded away in the last two months since the uprising.
Are these laws actually enforced by the government or are they only enforceable by officials of the Muslim faith? It seems like women are attacked by "morality" police, not the police as they are represented in many other countries. I had always thought of them more like religious security guard or neighborhood watch, who don't hold any legal power in the US but maybe it is different.
Thank you it appears like outside of filming an actual movie, there are no exceptions to religious/moral code (law?).
No. All Iranian celebrities, are not allowed to post photos on their social media without hijabs. A few who did, got in trouble and had to migrate from Iran.
I'm not from Iran, but I'm a long-time fan of Iranian film—including Taraneh Alidoosti—and I've looked into this before.
The Iranian film industry punches far above its weight and produces some of the world's best cinema, so the regime cuts the most talented figures some slack when they are representing Iran at foreign film festivals. However actresses still have to wear a head cover when in public abroad. In the picture of Taraneh Alidoosti from this year's Cannes Festival, she is wearing one. It's just quite subtle.