A new New Deal could fix this. Readjust corporate taxes on profits back to 45%. Use said money on solar and wind farms, repairing roads, and building back into communities.
Consumers approved of this behavior. While it was happening and the rust belt kept rusting we should of voted with our wallets to stop it but we didn’t. This was an all sides fiasco.
No friend we voted with our wallets and bought cheap Chinese goods. We didn’t have to do that and we could of supported unions, workers and Made in America instead. The globalization push was from inside the beltway and our elected leaders. Sure they are bought and paid for by corporations but we are complicit in letting it happen. We gotta stop blaming others for the things we collectively support. Time to fight back and change it.
You are painting the rest of us with a pretty broad brush my man. Plenty of us “collectively” know who owned the factories and who decided to move them, and it sure as fuck wasn’t us.
"Consumers" didn't fire American workers and open factories in China, that's was CEOs and their investors. The "job creators" sold us all up the river for personal wealth, let's not try and pin this on everyone else.
They moved our job overseas not just for excess profits,but for reduced safety standards,no pensions and no benefits. In many cases alot of these countries use slave labour. By moving good paying jobs away they drove down wages, so people had to start shopping at the worse of places like mal-wart. I was a victim of these polices as I lost a good paying job I had for 25 years, it was moved to China.
So we had no choice but to buy their goods and break solidarity with US workers? Fine i will buy your argument but when do we start to collectively stop them? When do we fight back? Can’t we start today?
There isn’t a stage to anything. These are made up theory’s and we can change them any time we want to a system that is better for humanity. We can blend them to fit our societies needs if we have the will. Call it whatever you want but we need to figure out what is best for the common good and stop getting trapped in some invented economic theory from 200 years ago.
We need to unionize all the low paying jobs that have become the "service industry" Mass boycotts of things made in China would help,but good luck getting people to do that or buy a higher price for a product. I think all of us have felt the supply chain issues that have come from having overseas production.But I doubt a change I'll ever come,we are all to brainwashed , in Canada you vote conservative or liberal and neither is really that different.
Anything is possible in a democracy if we had the collective will. We banned CFC’s and started to repair a gigantic hole in the ozone layer back in the 70s and 80s. We were under capitalism then. We boycotted South Africa and helped to end apartheid in the 80s. We ended the majority of child labor and putting people in the poor house and built a social safety net out of nothing. We have done the hard things before and capitalism doesn’t need to be a constant excuse to why we keep failing. This defeatist attitude makes it easy for companies and consumers to keep doing the wrong thing.
An easy way to work it out is a 45% flat tax on corporate profits distributed back to the people as universal income. Let the people decide where they put their money.
It’s was Karl Marx in Das Kapital that popularized capitalism and not Adam Smith in Wealth of Nations. If you read Wealth of Nations you would understand that whatever broken system the US is under is not what Adam Smith intended anyways. He detested landlords as well as the gentry from right prior to the French Revolution with their unrestricted attitudes. Scandinavia has a better working model and there is no reason others can’t follow suit. Why can’t we reimagine a capitalist or socialist structure that works for us?
So you are saying liberals didn’t support globalization? Pretty sure the liberal darling Bill Clinton help push NAFTA through. Personally I believe republicans in the 80s created the mess we are all in but it was a collective effort led by the ruling elites and corporations to boost profits. When good got cheap Americans gobbled them up while their neighbors in the rust belt begged for jobs. We all share in this to an extent. I blame the politicians the most and the CEO’s but that doesn’t absolve my greedy ass either.
I don't disagree with events as you have laid them out, but I'll also note that China and India might be the reason Putin hasn't gone nuclear. In a weird way, China's current role as sorta-ally-to-Russia might be beneficial to the larger goal of not seeing mushroom clouds on the horizon.
Fuck Putin, and also fuck Xi, but maybe big daddy Xi might be the one thing keeping this from turning into a much larger mess.