In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
What about the infrastructure in CA is weak compared to other states? Have you seen other states? I’ll tell you right now that CA can use improvement but it’s miles beyond infrastructure starting with walkable cities and towns.
Feel like we never really had any other choice. For all the talk of democracy from dems, I feel like there was never really any other candidate for this Senate seat. He was appointed by Newsome to replace Harris. Then ran in a jungle primary with about 50 other candidates. An incumbent that is supported by the the dem establishment is never going to lose in that situation. And obviously never going to lose to a Republican in California. Now he'll go largely unchallenged for as long as he wants to remain the Senator and does not have a scandal.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Congrats that he is the first Latino senator, but doesn't feel like he was ever in a serious race for the job.
That’s because he has a 26 year scandal free track record, a degree from MIT, and he began as a city council member in LA and worked his way up to being Secretary of State Office by office.. As Secretary of State he was the firs t state official to tell Trump “Oh hell no” when he illegally asked for the personal identifying information of eligible CA voters based onTrump’s false claims of election fraud. We’ve seen this guy coming for the Senate for a long time, he is exactly how he appears to be,and frankly, I hope he makes it to the Oval.
And I guess I will say that the state feels kind of messed up right now. His own personal achievements might be great, but besides telling Donald Trump no, being Latino, and having a degree from MIT, what specifically has he done to better the state?
I never said he wasn't qualified. Just making the point that our election systems in the state don't exactly stand up to the bar Dems seem to set for the rest of the country. We have some gerrymandering occurring. We run really messed up primaries. We allow tons of money to be spent on elections. It's not really a voter's paradise.
I work in Gilroy. I live in Hollister. It's a 14 mile difference. It takes me 1.5 hrs to get home from work. No infrastructure problems...