The CCP for years has been willing to give out high interest loans to all the countries that the U.S. likes to forget about. From Latin America to Africa, Pakistan and Cambodia, they all received lots of that 10x Chinese Yuan, which allows China massive amounts of leverage over everything from raw materials supply chain, to building a military base and calling it a “port”.
But for nearly 20 years China has been willing to produce a $40 part (if it was made in the US) for $4. It’s not that it somehow magically costs that much less to build in China, it’s that the CCP basically Nationalizes any company large enough to make a difference. Xi realized that Americas appetite for cheap shit is insatiable. In fact our entire economy demands that we buy 3-7% more shit every year or the wheels fall off the bus. The entire economic policy as written and managed by the federal reserve is predicated on this growth.
Circa 2012 xi proclaimed “I will control the internet” and no one really took him seriously. He was relatively unknown at the time and China was frankly not the juggernaut that it is now.
And it’s not even a particularly novel play. The 2014 invasion of the donbas via “little green men” taking over local business and government was effective because of minor misdirect. The US intelligence community has been hyper focused on the Middle East for 20 years. And since the legalization of marijuana at a state level (colorado, California, Oregon etc) it has become nearly impossible for them to fulfill their recruitment numbers. ANY federally illegal drug use automatically disqualifies a young candidate and all the grey beards retired.
Huawei, ten cent, tik tok etc are all nationalized extensions of Xi’s attempts to “control the internet” and destabilize the USD and therefore america.
On the Chinese side the CCP doesn’t exactly have an objective auditor to cross check their books. So if the yuan is let’s say, 1000 to the USD or 10,000 to the USD, it doesn’t really matter if you are taking a long approach. You simply turn the money printing machines up to 10, nationalize any domestic Chinese business that can be used for control, and place an agent of the CCP in the C suite offices of any multinational company that does business in China.
Then you use your “low loss leader” plan to undercut anyone and everyone until you control supply chain for basically everything. From steel manufacturing and solar panels to Huawei’s 5G cell infrastructure.
There is rarely a product in existence today that doesn’t have some component that is made in China.
The thing is, this economic war plan has a limited lifespan. At some point you need to execute the next phase. You can’t just be the worlds slave labor forever.
Xi had a very ambitious plan called “made in China 2025” that would basically culminate this “investment” in slave labor and locking up supply chain.
The reason world trade is measured in USD is simply because the U.S. military industrial complex won WW2 and the victor writes the rules. It was no different for the Roman’s or the Greeks in the past.
But in order for it all to work, Xi still has to make the Yuan take over the USD. And his clock is ticking. Local level corruption inside China has turned into Xi’s nemesis. From the housing industry that builds homes no one can afford (evergreen) to the time honored tradition of stacking all the materials at the front door of a warehouse and telling everyone it’s full to the brim, corruption is the bain of the CCP’s existence. In the first half of this year it forced xi to issue nearly $100B worth of provincial bonds just to try and keep it all together.
Covid is testing it even farther. Most of Xi’s platform is built on the belief that only he and he alone can make these decisions for 1.4B Chinese. But that starts to breakdown when they start asking why they have been welded into their apartments eating rotten vegetables for 3 years while everyone else is drinking beer at the soccer World Cup.
And that’s just the domestic program. The Chinese “police stations” in Canada, the U.S. and Europe are all extensions of this same massive machine.
Xi has had to build an absolute Goliath machine of intelligence called the MSS. The Chinese version of the CIA but MUCH larger. For 1.4B people he has had to build an army of censors t surveil and censor comments on weibo, the only state allowed social media platform.
If Xi had Taiwan (where 90% of those chips are made) he could divert them from ford to his own AI project and simultaneously starve out the US economy and build his surveillance and censorship empire and effectively “control the internet”. It’s why Huawei is willing to undercut any and all other vendors to install their 5G towers at a loss. And it’s why tik tok has a different algorithm for the West that essentially incentivizes a 3 minute attention span and harvests data from absolutely everywhere.
Ukraine, and specially the donbas region of Ukraine is where the majority of the neon used in EUV lithography (microprocessor production) comes from. And for nearly 10 years xi has been making certain that he controls the rest.
But how? Well you simply take over as the preferred currency of world trade and suddenly the yuan is worth exactly what you say it is.
Early Covid taught us that the US economy runs on semiconductors. From the chips in Raytheon’s bombs to the seat heaters in ford trucks, Facebook to your 401k, the US economy relies on those sweet cheap processors for virtually everything. And whoever controls the supply, would effectively be the puppet master.
Russia on the other hand is a mafia state. Nothing happens unless the hands at the top get greased. It’s why Putin has amassed $200B in net worth while making less than $200k a year on paper.
In august US congress passed a $50B CHIPS act to bring all that manufacturing back stateside. Because the never ending drive for cheaper shit made us willing to overlook the slavery, pollution and corruption that drove it to China decades ago.
The more vigorous dance that the PRC army, navy, airforce is doing around Taiwan, Japan to attract attention, the more it confirms how bad the shit has hit the fan inside.
Plenty of conflicts through history didn't end with any kind of formal surrender or other official end of hostilities.
Technically the Dutch were at war with Sicily for over 300 years until in the 1980s, yet if you said that conflict actually lasted >300 years you'd be rightfully laughed out of any room.
With all of the absolute bollocks (and associated political and economic stuff) that's been going on in recent years, I'd be utterly unsurprised to learn that world governments have known about an extinction level asteroid that is on its way, for a while, and that all of this shit is because they are secretly scrambling to grab shit to build massive underground lifeboats for not us.