In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Republicans are now pushing legislation they say is designed to provide needed resources, by giving the state more control of an affluent part of the city. But leaders of this majority-Black city are calling it a power grab, rather than a helping hand, and say it is stirring up racial tensions that usually simmer under the surface.
Jackson leaders have called the legislation a power grab, and an attempt by state Republicans to take power from Black voters, Emmanuel Felton writes.
JACKSON, MISS. — If there’s one thing almost everyone in this deeply divided capital city can agree on, it’s that this city needs help.
In 2021, The Washinon Post found that Jackson had the highest murder rate in the country, three times higher than Chicago. About a quarter of its residents live in poverty, among the highest rates for American cities with more than 100,000 residents. And local officials recently warned that the periodic water outages residents have been suffering through for years could continue for another decade.
Last month, state Rep. Trey Lamar, a Republican who represents a mostly rural part of the state about 200 miles from Jackson, introduced a bill that would give the state control of the policing and judicial duties of a portion of the city that includes its wealthiest and predominantly White neighborhoods.
Supporters say it would help clear the city’s judicial backlog and put more officers on the streets.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
“My constituents want to feel safe when they come here,” Lamar has said. “Where I am coming from with this bill is to help the citizens of Jackson.”.
The fight in Mississippi mirrors similar battles between White state lawmakers in deep red states and the leadership of Black-run cities in other parts of the country. A similar fight is shaping up in Missouri, where a bill has been introduced that would give the governor power to strip the authority of any elected prosecutor to handle violent crime cases. Last year, Tennessee lawmakers attempted to take over the finances of the majority Black small town of Mason, which is expected to see an economic boost from a new Ford plant being built nearby.
The legislation under consideration in Mississippi would expand the Capitol Complex Improvement District, which includes downtown Jackson and nearby areas, to include neighborhoods in northeast Jackson. The jurisdiction of the Capitol Police, which has about 120 officers and protects the district, would expand to reflect the new boundaries.
The new Capitol Complex Improvement District would include about a third of the city’s 150,000 residents, and while the district would be majority-Black, it would take in 80 percent of Jackson’s White residents, but only about a quarter of its Black residents.
The legislation doesn’t include funding to expand the Capitol Police, which is controlled by the state, and leaves the locally-controlled Jackson Police Department, which has lost hundreds of officers in recent years, to continue policing the rest of the city, including neighborhoods with the highest violent crime rates.
That still leaves the majority of the cities black population with self government while denying self government to this new district that holds 80%of the white residents.
Why these specific borders? How does this achieve the stated goals? Once again, how? The decision by Washinonpost to include the racial demographics seems like it is intended to have the reader infer a certain conclusion. There could be a legitimate reason (there probably isn't) but we don't know because nobody asked why and how.
What exactly is the point of this quote. Specifically why is it sandwiched between the above quote and a paragraph about similar battles in other states. Also, why is there not a following "How?" behind that quote?
Honestly, does nobody know how to ask a follow-up question? And if the interviewed party doesn't answer, at least mention that. That is more informative to me as a reader than throwing in these unchallenged propaganda statements. When politician says "X will do Y" the only correct follow-up question is "How?".
I'm still confused by this though. So a majority of white residents in Jackson no longer are able to elect their own judges or prosecutors as well as a significant amount of black residents, totaling a bit more than 1/3rd of the city. Those residents are still paying taxes to Jackson but no longer benefitting from some of the services created by those taxes. Instead the services for this district are funded by the state.
So I guess I understand that this will expand the number of court cases that can be processed by increasing the number of judges and prosecutors. But why does it need to be in a separate office? Why is it appointed by the State rather than by the residents of this newly expanded special district? So the affluent part of the city, which includes 80% of white residents, is being denied certain democratic rights to self-government?