In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
A significant number of election deniers won their elections, so, while it’s apparent Trump’s influence is not as strong as it was previously, it’s still there. Let’s not count out extremism just yet.
They don't know they vote against their interests because the effort to become informed is more than they are willing to give, and it causes them to feel ashamed around their peers. It's a huge problem.
I think people are getting too excited about this. It's fucking fantastic that the Red Wave collapsed, but let's not forget it did so by stupidly thin margins. Many of these races were razor thin despite Trump throwing around absolute nutjubs, and where Republicans did make gains, it was because they ran more 'presentable' candidates touting the same agenda.
Yeah, tribalism, specifically needing to be accepted by those who you call your peers out of fear of being shunned for breaking ranks, mixed with the fact that voting R and hating libs is preferable to researching and becoming informed about policy (or anything for that matter), especially when a large percentage of the GOP base are blue collar guys who work all week and would rather go fishing, hunting, catch up on chores, drink and party, or basically "check out" in their free time.
When the election comes, checking R down the ballot makes them feel as if they are doing their part and their peers confirm their biases, because neither think critically about the situation, they just do what they are told will make their lives better, not ever noticing that their lives don't change much, if at all, and when it does, it's actually for the worse. Look at Texas and their energy grid or the price of insulin (which has been mostly fixed by Dems now), or social security.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
People will still vote for MAGA as long as it's in a suit, basically. The threat is far from over. If anything, it's going to get worse if DeSantis topples Trump as the Republican Kingmaker.