In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Now for many positions, yes, non-compete clauses shouldn't be allowed. Or should only be allowed for salaried employees, not hourly would be a good break off.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Good. Non-compete clauses have always been absolute garbage. If it's that important to you that your employees don't find a better job elsewhere, then pay them enough to make them happy. Give them that time off, let them work from home, this really is not that complicated.
Except people are greedy. For some jobs they do really make sense. Sales is a huge example. One person could feasibly walk across the street to another company and poach every customer putting one out of business. Now if we were in the world of unicorns and rainbows and people played nice that wouldn't happen, but unfortunately people are assholes.
I think that if you want to take away people's ability to make a living you should be able to write a noncompete - if it includes paying the competing job offer's salary for the duration you don't want them to work.
Except it isn't just the salary. Without a non-compete a sales person could walk to a competing company for the same salary with a one time "bonus" because he has all the competitions contacts. Possibly putting one company out of business and many people out of work. Now I agree that non-competes are over used and many are illegal. But in some cases they are needed.
You don't deal with a lot of businesses. In a small business when you only have one or two sales people one person can tank your company if they want to. I've seen it happen and cost the jobs of 10 other non-sales people. There was a lawsuit, but that doesn't bring back customers or the business.