It's more like they utilised creative accounting. Also the way we estimate carbon emissions and assign personal footprints was likely influenced by gas and oil companies.
Basically they're off the hook for most emissions because even though they literally make their money from end customers combusting the products and generating GHGs, all of that is lumped under scope 3 and so only indirectly within their influence. There's a fair bit of noise about scope 3 emissions now, but a few years ago people didn't really bother about estimating them as much (it was all about direct emissions and emissions from purchased heat/electricity).
Oh and some gas and oil companies weasel out of even including the emissions from their products under scope 3 by excluding wholesale sales (direct customers only). It's.... Frustrating... To say the least.
It's like a kleptocracy run on a mega scale. While it's surroundings rot and collapse in slow motion.
I think most mega corps can easily lose tons of money to undo the mess they created and survive just fine.
The issue is negligence, corruption and shortsighted-ness on a global scale. And a strong effort to politicize, polarize and confuse people about the damage being caused to the climate.
Edit: much like how they rely in global capitalism to evade labor laws, rights and regulations by opening up in counties that will happily disregard & ignore such rights & privileges.
Edit2: These corps empower and enable corrupt dictatorships, authoritarian governments and kleptocracies because they accommodate that need for lax regulations, laws and rights, that these corps need to keep their profits.
In the interview, he admitted Exxon-Mobil has been lobbying congress to kill clean energy initiatives and spreading misinformation to the public via front organisations.
Watch this stunning video of Chevron executives explaining why they thought they could dump 16 billion gallons of cancer-causing oil waste into the Amazon.
Green packaging on products doesn't include the production of said packaging, the sourcing, the transport, the energy needed for each step.
That would be true, if we didn't 8x the global population in the last 100 years with so much improvement, that a broke college student has better stuff than any millionaire did then. Which means that said student emmits as much Co 2 as families or city blocks did.
Every farmhouse in 1900 was locally sourced stone/brick/wood, but my phone needs a whole chain of factories, that outnumber all of Norways at that time. More people were involved with making my phone than people lived in Norway.
Cargo ships and cobalt mines are part of the automotive industry, not just oil fields and processing plants.
When we say, "let's make the automotive industry carbon neutral", what we mean is the exhaust gases. Swap to electric and it's all good. The production of batteries, the increase of electrical usage and the upgrade to the power grid is not accounted for.
The galvanization of rubber, glass production, plastic, metal, leather, electronics, even software for cars isn't accounted for.
Not to mention roads, their maintenance and the whole system of policing and repair of cars, healthcare, schools for driving, transport of cars and their parts, the administrative system for each of these. The equipment, development and supply of each of these.
We're the wildy chayote looking someone walk into the painted tunnel on the wall and we go into it, maybe it's different now.
There are a lot of things we can do but we won't do any of them, because you can't change human nature.
We have to be in the Watch CO2 limit. That's all. Either we can have 8-13 billion starving and living in huts/caves or we can have 0.5-0.7 billion living like a middle class American. You can't have both.
You can't tell a poor family that, "well, you have to be poorer or lose your children". You can't tell people they can't have kids. People who don't want kids still have them, cause they like fucking more than not fucking.
Just like how people in power don't want to give up their power, also the "normal" people don't want to give up their things. No internet, no TV, phone, computers, cars, fancy food. No one will give those up, but more and more people will try to get them.
So just live your best life, cause we are in deep shit, but we are not even at the point of accepting that the problem exists. We are still lying about emissions and disregarding most of them. It's gonna be 40-50 years before we can make any non-insignificant change, but it's going to be way too late long before that.
People say that overpopulation isn't an issue, but we're deforesting the Amazon for farms, people in the Netherlands protest, cause the government banned the fertilizer that poisons the land.
That's fair, but there is a fine line between optimists wanting action and someone sounding worse than Hitler.
The same can be said about nuclear. It's great, but not for 8 billion people or more or even more, when we have 15 billion electric cars. Every village would need a nuclear power plant.
Every village. 10-20000 houses. Building once emmits enough CO2 that it only goes even after 30 years, but they can run for 40 so it's not a problem.
There is no way for us to save what we have now without a world war that has a body count in billions.
Otherwise you need mass euthanization in the tens or hundreds of millions and sterilisation in the billions.
Even if you put a one child policy, which by the way will get you assassinated AND you need to wait for generations, probably more than 200 years for it to go down to somewhat bad levels from a catastrophic one.
We haven't even started stabilizing the population. We're before the last boom in developing countries, after which the growth will slow down, then it will stabilize. After that, you can talk about any natural reduction. Each stage would take 60-70 years at best.
As I said. Either low population with the same CO2 emissions or same population with extremely low emissions.
Yes a working wind turbine doesn't release CO2 while it's generating power, but making, transporting, installing, maintaining 5 billion turbines globally does.
For the same power in a wind farm, you need more people, more parts, more logistics. It's quality over quantity.