In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
>Fascists and other authoritarians seek to crush a people's capacity to imagine their freedom and agency, in order to maintain control over them. In distorting the history of the civil rights movement and turning it to their own purposes, the Republican fascists are attempting to erase one of the most powerful and instructive examples in recent world history of how an oppressed people can fight back and defeat their oppressors.
> "First, I must confess that over the past few years I have been gravely disappointed with the white moderate. I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in his stride toward freedom is not the White Citizen's Counciler or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate, who is more devoted to "order" than to justice; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of tension to a positive peace which is the presence of justice; who constantly says: "I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I cannot agree with your methods of direct action"; who paternalistically believes he can set the timetable for another man's freedom; who lives by a mythical concept of time and who constantly advises the Negro to wait for a "more convenient season." Shallow understanding from people of good will is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will. Lukewarm acceptance is much more bewildering than outright rejection.".
They don't erase MLK. They actually invoke his name quite a bit. They just white wash and very carefully select their quotes to try to create the "model citizen" for black people, which in effect has very little to do with MLK's messaging or activism.
I remember when the Colin Kaepernick protest first happened long before trump got his hands on it... a common response among moderate liberals was, "I agree with his protest, but he's on the clock with his employer. This is not the appropriate time/place for this protest.".
Yes. Fox News and their demon spawn will crucify anyone who isn't part of their cult of hate and fear. I'm worried that it has gone so far, sensible people's voices will become completely obscured by cultism(s) and their lies of magnitude.
A testament to medias failure politically is Trump and his appalling misdeeds as president. The deaths of thousands should be laid at his feet for validating lies, stifling the CDC and their professionals ability to lead, politicizing a deadly virus and simple precautions, etc. Media response to this and more have been, to be kind, weak.
Agreed. Jan 6 reveals how social media can amplify hate and serves as a cloistered safe space empowering organizing and recruitment.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.