In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Reporter: "The president did not give an explicit answer on what exactly we have shot down. Do you have any further details on those objects?".
2. We took down the Chinese spy balloon when it was safe to do so while preventing it from gaining any valuable data.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
3. In looking more broadly at the threats facing this nation, particularly as we venture into this new space age, America is now looking more closely than ever at the things in our sovereign airspace.
Jean-Pierre: "I think that the president was um was exceptionally clear in um telling the American people that they are safe and he will always act in the best interests of our national security.".
1. And look folks, we're on the cutting edge of technology. And here's another thing, we have the finest military in the world and I have complete confidence in our ability to keep our skies free and safe.
After reading your amazing comment... I have decided to believe the balloons belong to AMAZON. They want the air for themselves and their drone fleets alone. If every airborn object has to be registered and live location data broadcasted it creates a money barrier to the sky.
Jean-Pierre: "Any object that violates sovereign American airspace, whether intentionally or unintentionally, will have to answer to the Federal government, and that's why Secretary Buttigieg will be working with regulators and other stakeholders to ensure we have total visibility in our skies.".
2. And by the way, the things we have taken down to protect civilian air traffic are no longer a threat to safety. We continue to investigate and are working with partners to ensure the things flying in our airspace are registered with the FAA and other authorities.