In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
When I commented the video link to when you replied, there’s no way you watched the video. I understand trying to show people videos on the internet is tacky, but the video has Carlsons issue pinned down to a T.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It’s the same situation here with Biden. He’s just a run of the mill centrist who is actually doing decent, but they say he needs to be impeached and go to Guantanamo Bay because tyranny or something.
FOX has been promoting Putin even before Trump came on the scene: Putin was the great white supremecist strongman hope vs.'effete' tan-suit-wearing Obama.
tuck doesn’t have to work, he’s rich af. He gets up in the morning and chooses to sow discord. He chooses to participate in the circus that keeps Americans mad at each other, and not mad at the 1%.
That will always be the worst thing about him. He’s shit, everything is shit about him, but choosing to keep Americans under corporate boots is extremely low.
Edit: If you’re generally unaware of Carlson (lucky you) does a great video on false consciousness and tuck.
A living wage would cut down on crime, it would cut down on poverty, cut down on suicide rates, cut down on social services, there’s nothing but upsides.
I’ll never understand how capitalists don’t want to pay living wages. More money for the average consumer means more money moving around, more money for them to earn.
“Minimum wage” jobs and “low skill” jobs is propaganda from the up and ups to convince people that their time is not worth paying them enough to get by.
Socialist democracies boast better health care, higher citizen happiness, and paid vacations for some of the lowest jobs.
Considering Johnson rode to power on Brexit which was almost certainly in large part 'enhanced' by a RUssian disinformation campaign - I am a little bit surprised to see Johnson turning on Putin - but sometimes you never know....