In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Prosperity and evangelical megachurches have been on the rise in the US with some acting like the Walmart of religion, moving into towns and drawing the people to their spectacle and away from the smaller community churches. These organizations are overtly political, have enormous piles of cash, and are making up an ever increasing number of the church participation amounts in the country.
If christians don't want their religion to be obsolete they need to depoliticize it. I know lots of people who used to go to church because they wanted to hear about Jesus and stopped going because they were tired of hearing about how they should vote republican.
It's strange because I have gone to many churches and attended many masses in my lifetime. I have never heard a priest/preacher/head figure ever make a sermon or have a homily in which politics is brought up. I'm not saying it doesn't happen, I'm sure it does, I've just never personally experienced it.
Small churches can still be politicized but these evangelical churches are taking shit to a ridiculous degree and on an increasing scale.
But, with all that being said, religious/faith oriented individuals and organizations in general donate more money and help others less fortunate on a scale that is rarely reported on. Faith as a whole def has an image problem, but it can be used for good and to benefit society.
I don't doubt it. And on the other hand how many do you think public schools have teachers advocating to the students on behalf of democrats and their policies?
Religious practice links us in webs of mutual knowledge, responsibility, and support like no other influence. Seven out of ten weekly church attenders told Pew they consider “work to help the needy” an “essential part” of their faith. Most of them put their money and time where their mouth is: 65 percent of weekly church attenders were found to have donated either volunteer hours or money or goods to the poor within the previous week.