In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Canadian perspective, they put in a rule that pharmacies and retail stores that contain a pharmacy may not sell tobacco or vape products. So nearly every single grocery store renovated overnight to add a "cig shop" closet store with an outside facing door.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
This bill may go a bit far. Better plan. Remove sales from convenience and grocery stores. Leave it open for dedicated tobacco shops like marijuana dispensaries. Maybe even let dispensaries sell. This pushes out the massive mass market cigarettes and chew but still allows for cigars and the like. Dedicates shops are better at keeping the underage out and removes the product from being near schools.
Prior to this, most places put them behind a curtain in customer service because of our advertising laws.
The problem here is that they are in every convenience store and gas station. Hell until 2010 we had vending machines in most bars and restaurants. Remove the convenience factor and that kills a lot of kids smoking right away.
and drinking, and all drugs then? Where do you stop. Should we remove all caffeine and soft drinks? Where do you stop? By removing the access it makes it more difficult will solve 90% of the problem and also probably put under a few tobacco companies. This leaves specialty tobacco for things like cigars and the like for those who want to actually seek it out. It also has the benefit of something that people can actually get behind and legislation that can get through. A flat 100% ban across the board will never happen, and if it does will lead to another war on drugs.
Here too. The ban on sales in pharmacies while allowing a gas station to keep selling them made no sense. Pharmacies are the only place you can get smoking cessation aids, so it felt like banning addictions counselling posters at a liquor store.
This makes way more sense than making it illegal. Combine them with vape and liquor stores. Shops don't do too well when they are too limited on what they are allowed to sell. Expect black market to pick up though. It's going to suck not being able to pick up a pack at the gas station... wait shit. What happens when everyone is driving an EV?
No shit captain obvious. But take a big guess why it wasn't banned nationwide years ago and why cops still get to choke people to death for selling them on a sidewalk?