Can someone summarize what is the situation in Kosovo? The article more or less describes how the “match was lit”, but I don’t really understand how or why Serbs and Albanians hate each other.
Albanians settled the area during the Ottoman empire and over time became slim majority of population. This was all before individual countries had their own national identity. People were still living sort of tribal mentality. There were no borders and such. Albanians came because of pastures at higher altitude where their sheep could graze.
During First Balkan War: Kingdom of Serbia occupies the land as their own "historic inheritance" and kill lot of Albanians. But they lose it shorty after.
1990. Yugoslavia breaks up. All former republics decide to push for independence. Serbs decide this is right time to attempt another genocide, only this time they could take all of Slovenia, Croatia and Bosnia as well. On Kosovo they impose their own rule as part of Serbia. Running mock elections, firing Albanians from government institutions, erasing their language and culture from school curriculum, etc.
After WW1: Austro-Hungary is destroyed and Serbia manages to expand its territory to cover Kosovo, Vojvodina and Montenegro. This is the height of their expansion. Serbs are like: "Oh boy! Here I go killing again." and murder a whole lot more Albanians.
First Yugoslavia is formed and Serbia manages to impose dictatorship on all countries being part of it. Kosovo is not mentioned individually. Instead, King Alexander proclaimed it as "part of Serbian land of old".
After WW2: Second Yugoslavia is formed as federation of independent nations. Tito says something like: "You Serbs are nothing but trouble. Best we try to keep you away from causing ethnic tensions." Kosovo is granted status of "autonomous province" and its borders are formally established. With later changes in the constitution Kosovo was de facto a republic with its own institutions and Albanian as official language.
Early 2000's: The problem is what to do with Kosovo? They are almost their own country and have a long history of fighting for independence ever since the Ottomans. It's not possible to integrate them back to Albania proper. So international community decides to recognize Kosovo as independent.