I have searched through dozens of news articles and can find no statements to the effect that the parents are in custody.
I'd read "premeditated" to mean the kid planned to intentionally shoot the teacher, not that the kid really fully understood that that kills people and the full implications of that (permanence, etc.).
That just breaks my heart. This is why parents not only need to be parenting their kids from a no violence/importance f empathy standpoint, but also why we have to stop pussyfooting around the concept of death with kids. No more lying about the dog going to a farm to live. No more "grandma went to a better place" with no context on the physical "dead" part. Kids can handle learning about death and what it is, and we do them a grave disservice by sheltering them from such an important and unavoidable concept in the world. Every fantasy story and video game shows death as a temporary affliction, and if we let that stand as their only experience of it, why are we so surprised when they act like killing someone is no big deal and they'll just respawn at the hospital and be back next week?
I remember a quote in a police report on the James Bulger murder case where one of the killers (both 10years old) asked if the cops could take their victim to the hospital and make him not dead.
Normalizing violent behavior, unsafe firearm storage, and not disciplining children or teaching them about the consequences of their actions are the issue.
The prefrontal cortex is the last section of the brain to fully develop and is responsible for behaviour control and critical thinking.  identify the reach school age around 6 is precisely when they begin to understand actions and consequences.
There is not Constitutional right to own a car. Despite the clear wording of the Second Amendment admonitions against restrictions at the end "shall not be infringed" there are myriad of laws regulating the purchase, carrying, storage, and ownership of firearms.
Like, how corrupt is it when you don't even want to allow people to use actual science to look for actual solutions to the problem? It's pretty clear they know they won't like the answer so they're just sticking their fingers in their ears and going "LALALALA" so they can keep making money and gaining power.
I refuse to have a gun in my house because the statistics show it is more likely to end up causing accidental injury or death to an unintended target than to actually successfully defend against an intruder.
Hunting and target shooting are not killing people. Firearms are purpose built tools designed for specific purposes. Some of which are defense. They can be a force multiplier should a.
Millions of children, including those as young as 6, are gun users. Under the careful supervision of a responsible adult it is completely reasonable.
From people who do have guns, the reason I hear is that they feel like they need a way to defend themselves or their property in the event of a home invasion or something. Either that or they hunt. I think media has hyped up the idea of someone breaking into your home to harm you to the point where people fear it way out of proportion to the likelihood of it actually happening.
Part of the problem is that we don't actually have much data. The NRA is so ridiculous that they managed to get it banned to use federal funding to study gun violence.
Having a gun with a kid in the house is a huge safety risk. If you can't ensure safe storage, you shouldn't be allowed the gun. We make people pass a test to get their driver's license, and it should be the same for a gun license, and it should include inspection of your gun safe or other locked storage.