In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
All this party needs to work on is COMMUNICATING these achievements loud enough and clear enough to wash out the bombardment of right-wing propaganda out there.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I've heard that he is like Hitler and the GOP is gonna impeach him at least 3 times when they take over the house.
No, the fact that he was so stupid that he was largely ineffective doesn't mean he was less evil. Trump is absolutely not better than GWB, just dumber.
Obama had the same exact issue; the man was an accomplishment machine but it is barely talked about or brought up as a counter example to Republican deconstruction/regression.
Part of how that infiltrates the left is actually through left leaning media and its tendency to "entertain" talking points coming from the right. This video is a good explanation of that effect in motion:
They are correct actually. The left does NOT have anywhere near the level of media influence the right has, and not even factoring in radio which is nearly completely dominated by the right. Give this a watch for a pretty good explanation of what is going on. Right-wing propaganda exploits a space between fringe and journalism called the "hack gap" which forces journalism to cover right-wing topics and in effect reinforce right wing propaganda. It's prolific, yet so subversive we somewhat do not realize what is actually occurring:
Vox also has a pretty good video on how the right manipulates the Overton Window (window of discourse) if you enjoy their style of presentation. It is another effect of extremism setting new thresholds for norms.