I once went to a resort in Domincan Republic. It was filled with Russians. I had never really been around Russian citizens like that before. I had a few Canadian friends that were Russian, but that’s about it. The Russians at the resort though… They were the worst! If you stood in line at the buffet, they would just cut right in front of you, take every last bit of whatever food was in the tray, load up a full plate of it, put it on the Center of their table then grab another plate.
Then they would come back and fill another plate of another food (again just cutting anyone off, doesn’t matter if it’s an old lady), until the table was filled with plates. They would pick at the plates a bit but mostly just waste it all. The staff was super frustrated with the waste you could tell as they could never imagine wasting food like that.
Someone on Reddit said “That is because an all inclusive vacation for them is the peak of their achievement, they will act like they are gods. Smiling for no reason or to be friendly is often seen as if you have something wrong with you.” Lol.
If you passed them in the hallways, none of them would smile. The men were always hammered drunk and the women dressed like they were going to a ball for some reason. Very bizarre. I swore to never book a room at somewhere frequented by Russians ever again.
Wealthy Westerners often want people to think that they are ordinary, down-to-earth sorts just like you and me. The clothes they wear are high quality, tailored versions of the stuff that everyone else wears, if they wear a watch or jewelry it will probably be understated and simple, albeit very expensive.
In Russia, wealth is something to ostentatiously flaunt to show you are a cut above everyone else. You get to have things that other people don't, and what's the point if you don't get to rub it in their faces?
Strangely this attitude seems to extend to things that aren't necessarily the province of the wealthy, such as in this case being able to go on a package holiday.
So… Russians essentially behave like a douchey rapper when they obtain a bit of money? Haha. “3 Star Resort baby Let’s show these people how us Russians ball out Get out of my fking way grandma, this shrimp is for the KING!”.
I should note; I don’t think all Russians are like this. I have met Russians that were perfectly nice people. But what I observed on that holiday, they behaved more like inmates on a sabbatical from prison than regular tourists. Every once in a while I would get in an elevator and an American or Canadian in the elevator would be like “how do you like the Russians so far?” As they shook their head in disappointment. It was a unique experience.