In the event that the current Russian government falls and sees some sort of return to democracy, freedom, and respect for neighbors, there will be a desire among some in the west to embrace this, to trust Russia, to expand trade with them and be friendly. But this already happened before and then Russia went back to the bad old days. And it can happen again. If Russia sees a change in leadership and a turn inward, the west mustn't get overly trusting - instead it should keep decoupling from the Russian economy, expanding NATO up to Russian borders as much as possible, and investing not in rebuilding Russia but in boosting the neighbors bordering Russia. If Russia still tolerates it, then a slow cautious thaw in relations can occur, and if Russia seethes with rage and quickly goes back to the bad old days again in response, well, the west will be more ready and more of Russia's neighbors will be defended by the NATO nuclear MADman umbrella.
Another problem is that although whilst a minority, there are still a significant number of western leaders who would like to emulate the Russian Oligarchy at the expense of their populace. Trump and Johnson spring to mind at working hard to diminish their own peoples human rights and access to basic resources like healthcare.
"Wait, you're not going to let us subjugate and pillage eastern Europe to our hearts desire?" insert tf2 heavy waah here.
What happened after WW1 pushed rhe Germans in the arms of Hitler because they had no hope and nothing to lose anymore.
Of course it is possible with little countries such as Palestine f.i. but not with counties like Russia or Germany.
The only way after Ukrainian victory il to educate people and take examples on what was done with Japan and Germany after WW2.
The treaty of Versailles was appropriate given the circumstances. And it really did weaken the hell out of Germany. The Germans had to cut all sorts of corners and hurry like hell and take on unsustainable levels of debt just to get to where they were in 1939. Just a few years earlier, Germany was weak, so weak that they wouldn't have been able to stand up against even their smaller neighbors. War should have came even earlier, then - the French had the grounds to invade Germany in 1936 when the Nazis reoccupied the Rhineland unilaterally. The French were utterly crippled mentally by WWI - but their military was on paper basically the strongest in Europe at the time, and while it had imperfections, the German army of 1936 was so much weaker than it was in 1939/40, to the point where the French army with all its imperfections could have completely crushed the German forces and done regime change.
The lesson, then, is not "don't do harsh peaces", the lesson is to make sure you enforce them and are willing to actually take a stand when you have the power to do so rather than letting a minor wound become infected and get far worse.
But I believe that let Russian people in misery would probably push them in the arms of another dictator like Germans after WW1.
They may end up taking the path of dictatorship again no matter what we do. Note that this isn't the same as the "those people are literally incapable of doing free democracy and peaceful foreign policy" argument that some people make. Just that there can be aspects that make things far from certain - even if the west took a policy that was very friendly to Russia. So, better to prepare for future conflict than get caught by surprise again. If Russia wants to join the liberal world order rather than raging against it, they can themselves make a concerted good faith effort to build trust and to make amends for their past crimes. And slowly things could get better. Or they could choose not to and we can be ready. Seems like a better route there.
Unfortunately future is dark when present is ruled be fools like in Korea, Afghanistan, Syria, Israël,... and even in US during Trump.
But Russians are not all brutes, they have artists, scientiste and ordinary people under influence of propaganda since decades.