Sanction is working and it is hurting Aeroflot which is good. How long the company can keep its air fleet flying (without crashing) is going to be interesting.
I really can't believe they stole such incredible amts of assets, gotta be like, the biggest thefts of aircraft ever, right? Haven't heard a huge amt about it recently.
Haha, well, I certainly can believe it happened, more like the shooting of their own feet that's wild. Just started having money and all come in from abroad within the last few decades after the fall of the USSR, and now who's gonna trust lending anything to em?
Russia did seized a loot of western owned planes, that was leased to Russian airlines. So they have loots of airfraimes to cannibalize. But then that space part source is gone, they are screwed.....
Depends on how fast they put them out of service and how fast they go through regularly changed parts live wheels and brakes. You can also run through disposable parts like filters pretty quick.
But yeah I definitely know what you mean. I also always thought it was funny how a lot of oil infrastructure in various regions in Russia was paid for by foreign investment that was just nationalized, yet they always held so much pride for their oil and gas industry.
You might think that, but it doesn’t work that way unless you’re grounding a large portion of the fleet just for parts. Some parts that are changed very regularly. Think tires and brakes. Then there are the parts that you find broken or worn out of limits the same way on multiple planes when you start looking for parts.
Do they still have the machine tools and the jigs left? guessing that they have been scrapped or moved to build diffrent things like the Sukhoi Superjet 100.
Here’s hoping. A war would make an investigation rather hard. And, if there is an incident, an investigation would be very important to confirm the cause was or wasn’t an actual problem with the airframe.
You kidding yourself if you beleve Russia can manufacture tens of thousands parts to specification, to several different aircraft models.
Seize other people's planes, is not accepted. Take spare parts from a meticulously documented airplan that is now decommissioned, yes.that is standard, and its totaly safe becuse of the documentation, this part is used X time, it can be used safely in y time.
The problem for Russia is that the document chain is destroyed or disrupted then they did seize the airplane, and no serious ariliner want to touch a second-hand spare part widout proper documentation.