£538 in 2010 is the equivalent of £722.18 in April 2022 (when the ASHE report that Dodds references was compiled).
So men are also £39.18 worse off per week than in 2010. Or, in annual terms, men are £2037.36 worse off than in 2010.
Majority of working age men and women didn't vote for it. The only bracket in which tories are winning in any way are over 55s. So it's boomers voting for leopards to eat their kids and grandkids faces.
Dunno mate, I'm in my 30s and as much as I hate the tories they are starting to look like the only viable party to vote for.
I would rather scoup out my eyes with a rusty spoon than vote for any of the nationalist-tinted parties.
Labour constantly saying stupid, populist and very destabilizing things. Some of my favourites include "let's nationalise everything" and "Let's abolish the house of lords".
Christ alive mate, we're in this fuckin mess because of the tories, why do you think that suddenly the same people who started the fire are now going to put it out? get a reality check.
As for Tories look like only party I just lack words for it. I am poorer in my late 30s than I was in my mid 20.
First, women are often employed as nurses, teachers, carers, psychologists, etc. So you'd like less of those? How about we just compensate them better for their work? Especially since you're probably the type to lambaste NHS waiting lists or how little is put into mental health and social care.
Should've been an easy win for labour, but instead they kept voting in unelectable leaders, making idiotic plans pandering to their most radical base instead of swing voters and dithering on Brexit.
It's schrodinger's brexit. It at any given time you can point at something and say "This is why people voted brexit" or "This isn't why people voted Brexit" and be both right and wrong. Brexit was clusterfuck of made up reasons that don't reflect reality and if something goes wrong people who voted for brexit just shift narrative to "This isn't why we voted brexit, here is other unicorn reason why and if that goes to shit we will shift narrative again".
Edit: I'm being downvoted even with factual evidence. What is it that you disagree with so much yet you can't argue it with a comment?
Absolute weirdos in the comments never read the article. This was from a talk at a women's rights charity - so of course, the speech was made from the perspective of women workers.
Since it's been brought up, it's important to note that teachers, on average, work more hours than most workers in the UK:
£538 in 2010 is the equivalent of £722.18 in April 2022 (when the ASHE report that Dodds references was compiled).
So men are also £39.18 worse off per week than in 2010. Or, in annual terms, men are £2037.36 worse off than in 2010.
Of course, part of this is due to the fact that men and women do work different jobs. But the ONS estimates this only accounts for 36% of the difference in salary. Meaning women are paid roughly 5% less for the same work.