Fucking deplorable. the other group is the ypg which many foreign fighters have aided over time. At one point they were a hot spot for foreign fighters.
You have a lot more "fucks" to hand out-- the Kurds have been fucked by the entire world time and time again, and few places have fucked them harder than America.
The ypg or Kurdish people have fought to make their homeland for a very very long time, in the Middle East they stand for religious freedom and equal rights, a truly remarkable people considering the geopolitical location, oh and did I mention they stood their ground against isis and several other extremists groups time and time again.
Just recently the US had to greenlight Turkeys invasion of Kurdish Syria in 2019 knowing full well what that would mean for Syrian Kurds-- and this was only the eighth great betrayal of the Kurds by America in 100 years.
Before that in the 2000s the US used Kurdish freedom as a reason to invade Iraq, but then never mentioned independence again and then allowed Turkey to assist Iin the invasion by heavily bombing Kurdish Iraq.
And then before that in the 1990s, the US gave Turkey huge amounts of weapons specifically to massacre Kurds in Turkey, which the US had full knowledge of.
And then before that in the conclusion of the Gulf War, the US stood down to allow the Iraqi military to massacre Kurds across Iraq because Bush Sr supported a strong military junta taking power to keep the nation under control (he just hoped it would be without Saddam).
And then before that, in the 80's, Reagan opposed sanctioning Iraq even though he knew they were using sarin gas to genocide the Kurds, because he liked the damage they were causing to Iran.
And then before that, in the 70's, Nixon worked with Iran to arm Iraqi Kurds in order to bleed Iraq and keep them fighting. When the US got tired of that, they made an agreement with Iran and Iraq to stop aiding the Iraqi Kurds, whereby the Iraqi military moved north and slaughtered them. (Kissinger reminds us our covert actions were not meant to be missionary work!).
Agreed! A few Americans have definitely made great sacrifices for the Kurdish people. But if the Kurds saw just a fraction of the committed support that Ukraine for example is seeing, they would be independent by now. There have been so many significant opportunities to provide that, or at the very least to prevent their genocide, and these have all gone wasted. It's frustrating-- there are so many examples of stateless exploited people that have no hope of gaining determination-- but the Kurds have had genuine, realistic potential to achieve their freedom and nothing but their mountains will stand for them.
And then before that, after WW2-- which was the second of three great opportunities to actually give the Kurds a state-- the US pretended to support Kurdish independence by arming them in Iraq against a ruler America didn't like. But then in 1963, we cut all aid to them to instead back a military coup that featured Saddam Hussein, and once they took power the US gave them napalm specifically to use on the Kurds.
And then before that, in the conclusion of WW1 and the fragmentation of the Ottomans-- perhaps the best chance to give the Kurds a nation. That is what the treaty of Severs intended to do, but America, the UK, and France much preferred to flirt with Ataturk and his fledgling Turkish republic-- so they turned their back on the Kurds for the first time and gave their lands back to Turkey.
As far as foreign policy goes, there a few things more dependable than an American knife in a Kurdish back.
You are aware that the PKK is officially designated as a terrorist group by the EU, US, Canada, Japan and more?
I appreciate your support for the Kurds but not every news about Kurds is about bashing on Turkey or his president.
Yeah and this news happens to be about these "terrorists" you want us to be so terrified of enacting a ceasefire for the good of everyone in a disaster.
The terrorism designation is controversial and in several of those cases, the designating nation can't even legally justify it. Are you aware of the history of the Kurds in Turkey? I'm sure if you were being persecuted to this level and had your actual existence denied, you and your family would just bend over and gleefully take it-- but some folks fight back when they're ground into the dirt.