There is plenty of , it just gets overshadowed by doom and gloom because . Like most conservation successes, the restoration of native songbirds to these islands is the result of years of humble, quiet, continued efforts by ordinary people making incremental progress. This makes for boring headlines and bad clickbait, so these positive stories rarely leave the local press.
As the article mentions, it might not be people choosing bad news articles on purpose, but rather paying attention to possible danger, and the journalists naturally react to that by producing more doomy stuff. It would be interesting to see people from different backgrounds (people from rich first world families who never had to worry about anything vs people from poor countries who were through wars, famines, epidemics and of course everyone in between).
Other thing is it is easier to discuss local politics and economy than bird conservation on some islands on the other side of the world (tried it with local bird conservation, didn't work).
"A and colleagues looking at psychophysical reactions to video news content seemed to show that negativity biases in reactions to news content are not a uniquely American phenomenon. The 1,156 study participants watched 7 randomly ordered BBC World News stories on a laptop while wearing noise-cancelling headphones and sensors on their fingers to capture skin conductance and blood volume pulse. Their reactions to video news content reveal a common tendency for humans, in laboratory experiments conducted in 17 countries: Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Denmark, France, Ghana, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Russia, Senegal, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and the United States—to be more aroused by and attentive to negative news.
It’s fascinating that there was no country-specific effect in physiological responses to negative video news. But, what they found was a high level of individual variation in response even though they didn’t seem to coalesce in country-specific ways.".
My theory is that these stories are appealing to people because of confirmation bias. It's almost like people want to believe that the world is doomed to justify their preconceived notions about inevitable ecological collapse (which is far from a done deal). Stories about solutions or recovered ecosystems don't fit that template. Plus, they're typically a lot less dramatic and interesting than a catastrophe is.
So, being more attentive to negative news seems to be a more or less universally human trait regardless of culture, but there is significant variation between individuals.
Completely agree, but I've noticed that negative conservation news stories (e.g. oil spills, mass strandings of whales, etc.) get a ton of interaction on Reddit even if the event was localized to a relatively small area "on the other side of the world" and wouldn't directly affect most Redditors. And the comments are typically full of environmental catastrophizing that may not necessarily reflect the reality of the situation -- for example, whale strandings and penguin breeding failures are sad, but typically natural events that most experts don't immediately panic about.