In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The universe of GOP staffers is a notoriously small one, where even the most diametrically opposed Republican politicians often have overlapping orbits between their staffs. But there are two GOP stars with remarkably little overlap: Donald Trump and Ron DeSantis.
According to publicly available filings, LinkedIn profiles, and sources with knowledge of hiring decisions in both camps, the vast majority of staffers now within DeSantis’ ranks have zero connection to Trumpworld. While there are a few exceptions, the overwhelming majority of DeSantis staffers are not former Trump people, and the vast majority of Trump’s inner circle was never in DeSantis’ camp. The Daily Beast cross-referenced more than 600 names between the two operations and found an unusually small amount of crossover for such sprawling GOP networks.
There are some notable, if not tenuous, exceptions. Susie Wiles—now a close adviser in Mar-a-Lago—was a “top adviser” to the Florida governor. DeSantis’ chief of staff, James Uthmeier, worked in Trump’s Commerce Department. DeSantis campaign staffers Amanda Robbins Vargo and Kelly Kundinger both served stints in the Trump White House. And a few DeSantis staffers held short-term internships with Trump-related operations.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
If DeSantis doesn't carry Florida next week with a mandate, he is done. He's evaluation isn't Ohio, it's how he can command THE swing state of all swing states. If it's even close, Trump can hammer that home to everyone that matters to DeSantis in a single social media post. Trump can't share the GOP at all. It's most of his active revenue streams and the key to staying free and rich. DeSantis is a far bigger threat to Trump than any Democrat, DA, or court.
But the two favorites for the 2024 GOP presidential nomination seem to have quietly avoided hiring staff who have worked for their would-be competitor.
Best case: desantis beats trump, trump says the GOP is ungrateful and cheated and that only he could win. Either runs as 3rs party or gets the cult to stay home.
Trump has a talent for ending GOP careers and his message goes where no amount of Democrat money of media can enter.
Worst case: desantis wins, trump agrees to whatever desantis wants on the accord he is pardoned for anything and everything if ever charged should desantis win.
DeSantis has nowhere to run except to compete on how more unAmerican he can be than Trump. He really can't compete on fame or swagger and cults tend to be extremely resistant to just jumping to a new Messiah.
So DeSantis has to deliver on Tuesdays election, and then wait in the wings for two years just in case Trump is somehow incapable of taking the nomination. Trump will burn down the Republican party before allowing anyone to take it from him.