In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Bottom line, preventative care for military members is CRITICAL to our national security and the safety of our troops.
Yes, served for 22 years as an military police officer. I'm telling you that because in ADDITION TO the normal panel of vaccines that Soldiers get, we got additional boosters because we were more likely to come into contact with blood borne illnesses. Every single year I got no less than three jabs for flu, hepatitis, and whatever else needed boosted.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
They don't care about anything that doesn't serve their interests. They love police until the police enforce laws they're breaking (e.g. the capitol insurrection).
Unfortunately I can only imagine this has become such a hinderence to recruitment of individuals into the military. The right and their politicians have gotten so out of hand with these conspiracies on Covid and the vaccines I’m sure way too many have refused to get the vaccine so much so I wouldn’t doubt it’s preventing the military from being able to hit their quotas.
Let me say again, THE GOP DOESN'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THE MILITARY. They will readily see us all suffer and die so they can take credit for and live under the safety we provide.
It's an implicit threat - "Either we're friends or you're our enemy, and you know what we do to enemies...".
They don’t give a shit about their country or they would have convicted Trump if not the first time but most importantly the last time after Jan 6. Pretty apparent they only care about their own self interest and that is all they care about. They cowered when it came to standing up to Trump’s base. For them all that means is they lose their job. They however have no problem asking the military to risk their lives.
Yes, that was the info that was reported on that incident. I still think the commander was relieved because he went public and hurt the Commander in Chief's feelings with facts.
People don't understand just how confined a lot of military members are, especially on Navy ships. Here's a photo of the sleeping quarters on a US Navy ship.
Soldiers and Marines will commonly sleep in vehicles as a team depending on the conditions of the mission.
By the way civilian control of the military is exactly how the U.S. goes about doing things. We do so for fairly good reasons, unfortunately that means the congress does have oversight and the opportunity to propose laws.
How exactly are you supposed to limit airborne, communicable diseases in these conditions without a hygiene regimen that includes full medical care including strict adherence to vaccination protocols?