The Russian airborne troops that were dropped on Hostomel airfield had 3 magazines each, their parade uniforms on hangars and crates of Russian passports.
Something tells me Russia does not have the supply chain to put together, feed and move 5 million troops.
I guess it may be a well believed myth with high probability. Im learning russian atm and my class mate and i are covering ww2 and he had mentioned this as something zhukov had ordered as an operation.
There was that one flight attendant who survived a bombing when she was sucked out of the plane and landed in the snow. Sole survivor I believe. Though I don't think she was in fighting shape.
Edit: Nevermind, She landed inside a part of the plane that fell on a snowy hillside. Still impressive.
Great question and smart of you to ask. There is no opportunity back in Russia, so I’m hoping someone is putting together a plan for them. Traditionally I would say this has happened dozens of times through history. By now we should easily have enough historical data on human nature to come up with something a little more proactive than just waiting to see.
They weren’t told until halfway through the helicopter ride from Belarus that they weren’t on another training mission.
Putin didn’t even tell his upper immediate command. It’s one of the big reasons FSB has been pissed at him this entire time.
Drug use is one of the first steps in that journey statistically. So now as the rest of the world we either just accept the generation of lost boys wandering around breaking everything they touch, or we do things differently.
So the big picture you have to ask yourself is why would the guy NOT tell his minister of defense, head of intelligence and entire chain of command that they were going to invade?
But the chances of the same guy looking left and seeing girls, drugs, beaches, internet, iPhones and a functional economy or looking right and seeing a clapped out lada and a one way ticket to donbas to fight a war in some dead guys Chinese body armor, and choosing donbas for the boss that doesn’t give a fuck about him….
If you think the CIA hasn’t been working a least a dozen different angles in a dozen different satellite countries so far, I admire your stoicism.
The ultimate lesson that Ukraine taught the world is that freedom is the strongest drug there is. Once you have tasted it, you aren’t going back to slavery feeding a machine that eats you.
It just isn’t realistic to anyone that has experienced it. A whole lot of politicians are going to have to understand this because Ukraine isn’t stopping until the threat is neutralized. They have survived everything thrown at them. Now thriving is the only option left.
Change forces change. And the average 20 something Russian shitbird was just fine staying at home in Vladivostok, drinking and watching the RU1 propaganda before the mass exodus.
There is no easy way out of this for Russia. The entire invasion was predicated on lies. And just like any child of a toxic relationship can tell you, there is a lot of mental baggage to unpack before any real progress can be made.
The first step is always education. When you get a mass exodus of people out of a highly propaganda managed state, there is always some latent psychology that needs to be addressed before they can break the cycle. It’s a fairly recurring there on the North Korean border that defectors have a hard time adjusting to the speed of motion in south korea. Many will go back. Psychologically it’s probably no different than an abusive relationship. Toxic..but familiar.