In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
House Republicans are poised to vote on a measure that would block the US Labor Department from enforcing its ESG retirement investing rule, as Democrats counter by introducing legislation that would codify green 401(k)s into law.
Rep. Andy Barr‘s (R-Ky.) resolution to reverse the DOL rule will hit the floor next week, according to a senior House Republican aide. The rule allows retirement plan decision-makers to consider environmental, social, and corporate governance investment criteria as long as they are in the best financial interest of plan participants.
Meanwhile, Democratic lawmakers in the House have introduced a bill that would explicitly permit retirement plans to consider socially conscious investment factors. The dueling legislative alternatives illustrate the polarizing nature of ESG investing on Capitol Hill and how workplace retirement plans have become the latest front in a partisan political war.
This is just another attempt by Wall Street to make sure that average Americans can't benefit from ethical investing. They want to make sure that their profits remain in the hands of the wealthy few. It's ridiculous.
What? Corporate America, especially the finance industry, welcomes ESG open armed. Now, maybe oil companies are against but can ensure you most want this. They specifically want a standardized measurement. And ultimately, that’s what this is all about. They want a standardized process for grading funds/companies on ESG standards. Then they give the consumer an option of investing in a fund or not that rates highly or lowly on this ESG scale. Use it or don’t.
This is just another way to stop people from investing in companies that are making the world a better place. The government should support ESG initiatives, not block them.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.