This same source, SSRN, has some pretty different numbers from another one of them their papers, which, like the one this article references, doesn't cite sources for most of their data. This feels sketchy to me.
Google is helpful. The research quoted in this article is found on Social Science Research Network (SSRN) which collection a preprint, non peer reviewed articles. Here is a quote from an article in response on marketwatch ( Sonnenfeld is a professor at the Yale School of Management and CEO of Yale’s Chief Executive Leadership Institute.
Surely you couldn't be suggesting that a collection of preprint, non peer reviewed sources may contain inaccurate, contradictory, or untruthful information.
No they are reminding us that a known brand, owns fully or partially many other companies under different names, and those are still there being supported.
It's funny how there are already 2 comments who claim the Moscow Times has a Russian bias even though the paper is banned in Russia for going against the countries narrative. Google would help you guys a lot.
"But Yale’s Sonnenfeld slammed the list. “Their anchoring is, in fact, a massive database of largely Russian firms,” he told MarketWatch via email on Sunday, adding that “hundreds” of Western companies are missing from the list.".
The veracity of the source quoted in the original article. Moscow Times may not be biased but the source used can still be inaccurate. Namely that it isn't peer reviewed and that other academics disagree with the methodology used.
I didn't come close to saying the data was accurate, in fact I already asked a question about their methodology in my edit.....the Moscow Times just reports what their research found, just like papers reported what the research of Yale found.
On topic: what does not having left really mean, I know from a similar post on my countries subreddit that there was a bank still in Russia, but the only thing they did was collect debt payments from already outstanding loans. It would be stupid to not do that.