Su25 is the Russian counterpart to the Thunderbolt. A very dangerous plane! Shooting it down saves lives, and is difficult to replace due to sanctions.
The good news is that like the A-10 would be, they haven't been particularly survivable in this conflict. At least the A-10 has a "bathtub" cockpit and redundant flight systems, not sure the Su-25 is as armored.
Funniest thing is - it was designed to survive a Stinger hit. Early operations displayed a weakness, which later on was removed (Stinger was detonating inside of engine. They added an armor plate separating both engines and drainage collection, so if one engine was destroyed, it didn't affect the second one and the plane was able to return to base). However it occured that Russian MANPADS are pretty effective against this plane - especially the later versions of Igła. There is only one confirmed kill using Stinger in Ukraine (and that's due to pilot error in emergency procedure), but multiple kills using the Russian/Soviet MANPADS (yes, I know, Ukraine has more RU based equipment, but taking into account how many missiles were fired it's still crushing advantage of RU/Soviet systems).
On Dutch NOS just now, I saw Zelensky talking about the so-called truce offer; he replies that “the russian soldiers should just retreat and take their toilets with them, they’re gonna need them.”.
Can you imagine the despair that an actual Russian widow or mother who lost her son feels when she sees televised actors who support the war and don't mind the "sacrifice" their loved ones made? That dying for Putin in this horrific war is the highest honor a man could make and is the most his life will ever live up to?
It's ironic, I can't think of a better human analog for satan than Putin. Constantly meddling in earthly affairs to cause chaos, disorder, and disunity.
There was speculation in the last thread false flags are planned against churches, likely in the annexed regions. Not sure how substantiated, but it wouldn't surprise me.
I think NATO leaders could have secret intel on that. It could be why the light tanks and patriot air defense were approved, and why other countries have increased urgency to donate more equipment.
50 Bradley vehicles, 100 M113 APCs, 55 "MRAP," 138 humvees, 18 howitzers, 36 towed howitzers, and a lot of ammunition.
EDIT: The is one of the most widely produced APCs. Over 80,000 built and with 60 years of service! That seems pretty good.
Can someone break down what some of these things are? The Bradley tanks and howitzers have been talked about and we know what they are, but what are the others and how are they used?
Okay, so the HMMWV is the humvee. I didn't know its true technical name. I posted a link for the M113.
MRAP looks like some kind of vehicle created out of necessity from experience in the Middle East. Russia deployed a lot of landmines, so those vehicles will be valuable for Ukraine.
It is old-fashioned imperialism, straight out of the 1700s. Some say Putin wants to take Russia back to the Soviet era, but they seem more like the Russian Empire to me.
I think one theme we can recover from the Cold War is that the western defense contractors were phenomenal salespeople for Russian capabilities, and I thank them for that, because now everything the west has is sort of OP.
I agree with this, outside of specific operations and tactics, but I think it eventually starts adding up, and as USSR-spec kit becomes kaput, and replaced by NATO kit, eventually Ukraine is fighting with equipment specifically designed to wreck Warsaw-pact equipment that Russia is fielding.
A few days ago, Russia announced that they were deploying an armed with hypersonic, nuclear-tipped Since it is part of their Atlantic fleet and since Turkey controls access to the Black Sea, this boat is of no immediate threat to Ukraine. Indeed, the purpose of the ship and the missiles it carries is to intimidate NATO as a " for us to "rejoice" over. What a bunch of jackasses.
Correction - they did have an air support. However the Su-25 missions rarely include guided ordnance (heck, even in Syria they did over 1200 sorties and only around 30 were with guided missiles) which resulted in less effectiveness. Russians did have a full control of the sky over the front lines (they used CAP doctrine with LR missiles that allowed their fighters to stay away from the hot zone, still maintaining control over it.) Why they didn't fully utilize it ? No idea.