It blows my mind that they've been revealed as a world-wide pedophile ring multiple times, and the entire world has turned a blind eye to it.
They don't even charge the priests with a crime! They let them get transferred to a new church and start over. It's nuts.
Not all religions are the same. Only a couple of thousand years ago most of the world was quite keen on human sacrifice. The major religions we have today put a stop to that. A lot of positive moral developments in many different cultures didn’t need a religious framework but was certainly conducted within it.
The majority of the world still seems eager to believe that without religion there would be anarchy and chaos, that religion despite its problems is fundamentally responsible for making sure we all don't murder each other at the next blood orgy.
Not to say that an irreligious society wouldn't find things to bicker about, though, nor that human nature would vanish the moment everyone stopped wearing silly hats.
I see religion is the major factor dividing people, creating hate, and motivating terrorist acts and even wars.
Sure, we'd always find a reason to bicker, but eliminating religion would eliminate a ton of those reasons.
Humans are perfectly capable of doing horrendous shit without religion, you can see how countless corporations today are doing unspeakable shit in an absolutely secular manner.
Organized religion, however, is a hierarchical social structure that promotes blind faith in authority, which turns it into a perfect tool for whoever wants to do something immoral. Even if you're a good-hearted person who makes use of religion to do something positive in the world, your reinforcement of that structure will help some bastard later to manipulate others into covering their own crimes.
It’s also not responsible for most of the world’s violence - that’s a caricature of world history. There is a huge amount of religious conflict too, don’t get me wrong, but most violence is done at a personal level for selfish, non-religious reasons, and the major wars are conducted for political, power-grubbing or nationalistic reasons which aren’t as clearly tied to religion.
u/Psychonauticalia If we’re being honest here, most of the world’s miseries are not due to oppression from traditional religion. A substantial portion, yes, let’s spitball up to 20%, but ‘most’ is online exaggeration and throwing a news article of something horrible in Australia doesn’t change that. Most child rape, murder, etc. are done at a personal level, if we are honest, and there is plenty of misery conducted on a political level outside that: consider China’s 1.4 billion people. People have been executed for petty crimes and treason far more than heresy, and this last century saw mass murderous regimes based on non-religious ideology as well. You mention ISIS but their entire existence and ‘governance’ is inseparable from war.
I know that some people who didn’t live in that world almost hold it in suspicion to object to it, but let’s not freely apply the far more specific word ‘fascism’ to any sort of right wing policies whatsoever, however objectionable. Mussolini and Hitler and their sort were very far from the only anti-abortion sorts back in their day. Its on the way to casually flinging around ‘Holocaust’ for whatever nasty things the GOP does.
I’m an atheist but I can recognise that religion has also motivated people to do positive things, if we want to chuck examples around. Maybe people shouldn’t have to be motivated by that, but that doesn’t change this result. From Christians to Buddhists building hospitals, schools, and spending trillions in charitable aid, recording traditions during dark ages, and even motivating some advances in the sciences from Newton and Pascal to Maxwell, Gauss, Dalton, Mendel, Lord Kelvin, Charles Babbage, Fisher, Lemaitre, Eddinon. They were not only religious, but (foolish as I think it is) were even actively motivated by their religion. People from Gandhi to Kolbe likewise.
Some guy decided to gain power by making up a religion, and gathering followers by telling them they're different/special/saved and everyone else is wrong.
What you’re describing is a specific exploitative phenomenon that happens with a lot of religions but the word isn’t so reductive.
And ‘fundamentally’, even if they followed that course, what that ethical framework is definitely matters. If one religion espouses non-violence and another encourages killing those who disagree I’d say that’s a pretty fundamental difference indeed.
Never seen Holy Wars, Crusades, the Holocaust, the Uyghur Genocide, or any of the literal wars and genocides based on religion?
Organized religion is politics though. All the nerds who discussed what was going to be official Christianity and what wasn't going to be in the Council of Nicaea were stablishing doctrine for "correct" social behavior, and also doing politics.
No need to make up some magic sky-person to impose made up punishments on a made up after life, I have real consequences from real people on my real life.
There is no god, there is no such thing as sin, there is no after life, there is no heaven or hell.
Reaching the point of a class action lawsuit that brings down a diocese means that the church has been covering for them and bailing them out for decades, generations even.
You mean, the pope that publicly admitted actively covering up the abuse of priests for his entire career, enabling the abuse of children for decades, and never once helped a victim or assisted authorities?