In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Trumps returns showed he had business relationships with a wide range of countries, including Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Azerbaijan, Turkey, South Korea, the United Kingdom, China, Philippines, Indonesia....
Well first you need to prove he made more money in his country than abroad, and looking at the guy I can believe his interests in the US are a disaster and Im surprised he even managed to turn enough profit abroad to pay taxes.
For me his treasonous aspect is on trying to stay president while not being elected. Tax optimisation or fraud are "only" crimes at worst.
They don’t care about facts. They just need an overlord to follow blindly. It’s pathetic, and no surprise there is a high correlation between bible thumper’s and that.
The obvious country not included in the list of countries was Russia. Trump had zero business links in Russia or even Ukraine. For 6 years of Russiagate we were led to believe Trump was a puppet of the Russian State. And yet all the evidence indicated he had much more questionable relationships with the middle east, Saudi, UAE and Israel in particular. All the evidence indicated that Trump's foreign policy was deeply aligned with that of Israel. His first trip as President was to Saudi Arabia and Israel. And the evidence indicated that middle eastern powers, including private Israeli intelligence agencies like Black Cube and Psy Group were working behind the scenes to help Trump. We have were openly offering to help Trump win the Presidency. And we now know Trump had business relationships in all these countries.