Syria is a client of Iran, who would like to establish a land bridge to Lebanon and supply Hezbollah with strategically significant armaments to create a 2-front war dilemma for Israel while it finalizes its nuclear weapons capability.
Syria is controlled by Assad, who is only holding on to power thanks to Russia's stepping in and supporting him after the US (under Obama) decided to withdraw its support for the anti-Assad forces and leave a power vacuum.
So Israel continuously attacks weapons shipments intended for Hezbollah and concentrations of Iranian forces in Syria, in close coordination with Russia to avoid causing Russian casualties and drawing it into direct conflict with Israel.
Another interesting wrinkle in this conflict is that Ukraine--despite currently having a Jewish leader--is historically the homeland of the revered Cossack leader Bohdan Khmelnytsky, who murdered in what is considered a precursor to the Holocaust.
Later, Ukraine's antisemitism and cooperation with the Nazis during World War II resulted in 1.5 million Jews being exterminated within the borders of modern-day Ukraine, fully 25% of the total killed in that genocide. This history doesn't endear the Ukrainians to Israel today.
Additionally, , a risk so great that the USA also refuses to send its own Iron Dome systems to Ukraine.
And finally, there are hundreds of thousands of vulnerable Jews living in Russia who would instantly be in peril following an Israeli clash with Russia.
However, we can't rule out Israel covertly helping Ukraine. Russia----launched ten drones targeting Jewish pilgrims to Uman in Ukraine, where a major Chassidic leader's tomb is located. Some sources say Israel provided the intelligence and capabilities that helped Ukraine destroy all ten--and significantly degrade those drones capabilities overall.
(Quite possibly, the recent bomb attacks in Jerusalem, that resulted in the death of a Canadian citizen, were Iran's response to Israel's recent public comments softening its position on sending defensive missiles to Ukraine.).
Still, the pressure on Israel is intense, and the situation is fluid. But don't expect nuance from r/Worldnews where Israel is concerned.
Bullshit. And absolutely a betrayal of the United States. Israel has kissed Putin’s ass even after he commits war crimes.
Takes these excuses and shove them up your ass. The US is in a significant fight in the Ukraine. But Israel doesn’t care. They don’t think they owe the US anything.
You betrayed us. You betrayed us when you looked the other way at Putins other war crimes. And you betrayed humanity.
Take your support for people who commit crimes against humanity like those being committed in Ukraine and shove them straight up your.
Israel's support among the young and among Jews is declining. Only 25% of young Americans regard Israel as an ally.
Israel’s descent into far right authoritarianism is behind the increasing distance between American Jews and Israel. It is behind Israel’s decline in popularity among the young in America. These bullshit rationalizations are going to end bipartisan support for Israel in the United States.
The rest is just a steaming pile of nonsense aimed at justifying cosying up to someone who has committed war crimes. This is not subject to debate.
Nothing you've said addressed anything I said. Sorry about your feelings. But how do you explain the broad support Israel enjoys in Congress and the US military if it's interests are as divergent from the USA's as you say they are?
Israel's support and subsequent stance make it an accessory after the fact to crimes against humanity. And your defense 'of Israel in this regard makes you morally bankrupt. You don't give a damn about humanity - all you care about is Israel and its increasingly authoritarian government.
You didn't answer my question, your comments and citations are not to the point, and your assumptions about me and personal attacks are noted.