NKVD(later KGB and today FBS) killed off the orthodox church, 100k priests in death camps etc. Later KGB rebuilt the church in it's own image, today it's a fantastic tool for FBS.
And it's not a propa, intel and control tool just domestically, since collapse of soviet union they have also branched out to extend their influence through western religious organizations. It's better than prostitution for that sort of work. Only a very stupid politician trusts a prostitute, but a priest....
It's not like it's surprising of course, given that the current РПЦ (Russian Orthodox Church) was not merely infiltrated by the MGB/KGB, but created by it. Just like the rest of the system, it hasn't changed its core since then.
So a State controlled Russian Orthodox Church doesn't necessarily shock the faithfuls as it would in the West.
And their bishops and priest not ordinated by bishops respecting the filiation. But simply created from nowhere by the KGB without legitimacy.
After the fall of the USSR in order to have a "job" these ex KGB agents simply pretended to have been rightfully ordinated somehow or by somebody allready dead. It was impossible to verify as there was nothing written about it during the USSR as all the Christians were living undercover.
So the false Church of the KGB became confused with the true underground christianity of the USSR and recognised by the rest of the world as part of the legitimate Russian Church.
But you have to keep in mind that, on the model of the late Byzantine empire where temporal and spiritual power became controlled by the Emperor. In Tsarist russia the State (Emperor) was the head of the Church and had control of it also.
I know only the Church of England to be controlled by a Monarch in the West. And it made a lot of controversy at the time Henry VIII created his Church. Today, it is not controlled by the Parliament of England nor any administrative body of the State. Which have nothing to say about the organisation of the Church, nor its doctrine. It used to be and it was widely disaproved inside Great Britain which lead to civil war and, after, resistance notably from Scotland and Ireland.
The west kept the tradition of separating the temporal and spiritual powers. Sometimes theocracy was tolerated in some small provinces. But not the contrary. Not the control of the Church internal affairs and doctrine by a King, a Civil government, and administrative body of a State.