In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
“It terrifies me that DeSantis is threatening to eliminate AP classes after seeing how much it benefited my daughter’s education. It is truly horrifying to be a resident of Florida right now.”.
These are people who literally only care about their money and feel no sense of obligation to future generations. It is as if they have completely forgotten how they arrived at their position in life through the continual support of people and a community in their lives.
Every year when I was a kid, my local town would have a vote on the education budget and the people who only care about themselves would vote against school music bands, library resources , field trips, healthy food in the cafeteria, etc.. you get the picture. Then the rest of the town would come out in late August to revote and the normal budget would once again be passed to allocate funds where needed.
They have forgotten because we've had very little adversity for the older generations in quite some time. Life is relatively easy for most people and that leads to complacency. Or, life sucks for them and they need someone to blame. It's clearly checks notes AP classes in HS?
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Money is God to both parties and it’s only a question of degrees of evil. The GQP has moved so far to the right on the spectrum that they are almost back to the extreme left, where anarchy reigns.
The neoliberal corporate democrats are themselves far right of center. The problem in America is that we think there is a left/right when in fact it is a right/far right choice.