Saudi here , every king / prince tries to build his name up by making big projects that all end up either uncompleted or worthless. And MBS took that to a new level because he is very insecure about his accomplishments compared to his brothers . Honestly I would would be insecure too if my brother was the first Arab astronaut.
Edit: Alot of people are worried about my personal safety and want not. I would like to thank them for caring but their is No information ever in this account that could lead to the city let alone the place that I live in.
I'm sorry for being ignorant but could you possibly explain the system of monarchy. I understand it's an absolute monarchy where the royal family can get away with anything but is it more hereditary or more based on who's popular within the royal family.
Yeah np , historically it’s the sons of the founding king - and the priority is for the most senior brother between them ( he had many sons and daughters 80+) though a lot of them didn’t survive . But then it slowly became about which brothers had more political power - they would become kings. To find a successor to the king this time it was going to change because they were running out of sons of the founder - so they had to go to the next generation- the grand sons of the founder.There were 2 sons of the founder still alive so they had priority over grandsons but they had 0 political power so despite that they decided to skip a generation. There were many options but MBS did a coup and got power using his father ( the king ). MBS was a nobody in Saudi politics until his father became king. His father (the king ) is not in a good mental state so MBS is basically king. It’s not about heredity or popularity it’s about who has the most political power that gets to be the next king.
You’re welcome, also might I add that political power is gained and lost every decade or so in Saudi politics- so you might see one day MBS “decided to retire “ or “ disappeared “ and another rando appeared out of nowhere or a senior came to replace him. MBS is quite paranoid to the point that he searches his brothers when they come visit him.
Do you think it's likely he'll become king though eventually or will he collapse like every other despot. I understand these questions may be getting very opinionated, sorry for that.
Even if he becomes king it doesn’t mean he is is invincible- it’s just harder for his political enemies to get rid of him. King saud was forced into retirement after he lost political power despite him being a king. So contrary to popular belief kings also need to maintain political power to continue being kings. I don’t think MBS will stay if things get tough , he would flee the country the first chance he gets but until then he is here to stay. However, this is all built on the basis that the military will stay neutral like they always do. If they decide to intervene then this changes everything. Thank you for listening to my ted talk.
I can't thank the internet enough. Getting to know from someone right there is just amazing. I am hoping you are living somewhere outside Saudi for your safety, I am sure the internets are completely monitored in most Authoritarian locations. Heard, India has started doing it too. China and Russia already have it to the point then can filter out a word.
Wow I actually never though my comment would blow up. I’m currently living in Saudi Arabia but I’ll be leaving in a couple of years. There is always some type of risk involved when living in an authoritarian country but once you understand their game and technology you can avoid it. Their prime target is twitter so I don’t use twitter much.