It’s funny how there are articles saying the sanctions are having no impact, articles that say a limited impact and articles acting like the sanctions are devastating.
The sanctions are working but its not like a switch. Russia entered their first deficit in many many years and it will accelerate slightly with their crude price down so low. But their foreign currency reserves (those not hit by sanctions) will keep them afloat for a few years.
It would be nice if it were like a spring but Russia can and will inflict a lot of hardship on their people to keep flush. This is a long game that Russia just started losing in.
It's a little deeper than that. They propped their currency up with gold and forced all olagarchs to convert their holdings to their currency. This created a "foreign currency reserve" within the banks. Wartime production seems to have barely ramped up, but also seems dependent on foreign materials which are sanctioned. Troops are shipping with less and less gear, soviet reserves have drawn down to the point they are sending armored vehicles built in the 60s and 50s. Air traffic from the military has drastically reduced and my aviation mind tells me it's likely due to engine maintainance issues (usually the first major components to go that truly ground aircraft).Couple this with the rumors leaking from soldiers on the front lines to cut ammo expenditures by more than half and you have a picture forming. The next mobilization will likely remove a large chunk of economic supporting production. The impacts have been mitigated by pushing off the effects to a later date, they will hit hard, but later. They can't reproduce losses, doing so would likely quintuple military spending, which would draw those reserves down rapidly. Think of it like a spring winding up, they are going to have to relieve the tension and show economic deflation or keep winding until it snaps.
Their economic policies eventually lead to stagnation and eventually the US economy was twice the size and still growing. They tried to correct this by allowing more freedom to the people and more capitalist ideas but unfortunately for the leaders, the people behind the iron curtain were unhappy for a long time. As soon as they were given the freedom to not be a one party system, communism collapsed. Unfortunately the Soviet’s rotten core still infects some of its former members as can be seen by corruption in Russia.
The soviet union was the same way. Many said they could keep buckling down, until the spring snapped. It took a decade then, but their economy was pretty self sufficient. With current economic intermingling sanctions act as a lever for the same mechanisms.
I think we were all a bit slow to react to Putin. Its not just about luxury goods. Its about freedom to travel, buy houses in exotic western countries, bang hookers, etc...
The Russian oil just displaces oil elsewhere. The oil will still flow. Long term, the outlook isn't so good without western oil firms running their fields. With the loss of western oil fields they have to figure it out the hard way.
Russian oil is still trading below the price cap at 57.60. The sanctions are working, but Russia has built up a massive amount of reserve currencies over the years that will keep them solvent for a while.
I trust the IMF. They only state that russia's crude flows have not been impacted much. Russian crude is trading around 57/bbl right now. They need somewhere north of 80 to keep their coffers full. Sanctions are going to take a while to fully impact them. Its not a switch.
Production cost are low yes. But Russia is a petrostate and needs oil revenues to fund the govt. Especially during wartime. They need 80$ oil to fund the govt without a war going on. They have already entered into a deficit with the sharp drop in oil prices.
In the West our governments have a really bad habit of taking half measures. We spent like 2 decades fighting the Taliban, an enemy we could have slaughtered, because after the initial invasion we only had a few thousand troops stationed there, enough to continue fighting but not enough for a decisive victory. We are trying to provide weapons to Ukraine but we are only providing what they need to keep fighting but now what they need to actually defeat them… and these sanctions… the could do more. Severe ties completely, make all western companies pull out of Russia, ban the purchase of oil from any country the imports Russian oil and then resells it .. just to name a few.