Thing is, it's not sustainable or efficient in the modern age. If Ukraine had already been a modern Western military when this started, it wouldn't have mattered how many bodies were thrown at Ukraine.
If you're a country that isn't bordering Russia, or politically against Russia it means that your people/country side aren't getting killed/destroyed.
That's true, but I think the issue is that those people should be side eying the fuck out of any nation that has nukes and is willing to treat all of its citizens like expendable munitions. That sort of detached cynicism doesn't lead to good decision making.
True but you also have to look at how that nation is acting with regard to its equipment as well. Russia has been more than willing to throw its people into the grinder but the more modern stuff has been largely held back this last year. A lot of the tactics have been terrible, but the equipment is pretty fascinating, there's a lot of stuff that just isn't functioning. I could see Russia trying to launch stuff, and have it fail.
Russia can't even conquer a smaller neighbor, and they had literal years to prepare. I don't know if I should be horrified that they're so shit at it, or horrified that my country is so good at it. Probably both. Yeah, definitely both.
It's not really fascinating to me at all. Well, I guess that's not true. It's fascinating in the same way a horrific trainwreck with hundreds of thousands of casualties would be. Never in a million years would I have ever believed that a 'world power' could be this bad at war.
There are a lot of military criticisms that can be leveled at the US, but the US drove it's military to the opposite end of the world and conquered two nations in the span of a few months. And one of them had a massive and (by standard of soviet spec militaries) 'modern' military.
The war is not fascinating. Russia's logistics, and maintenance in combination with storage of their military gear equipment is fascinating.
Given when Makarov was replaced, and the first incursion into Ukraine, the equipment was likely still in good form. But the corruption that Makarov was purging from the military is now in full view.
It always seems that no matter how certain we are of how things seem to be, the truth always seems to elude us. Pretty much everyone was wrong about how effective the Russian military would be, and how they would choose to conduct this war. It's all very fucking sobering to me.
That's fair. The details are rather interesting. Historians and experts are going to be pouring over this like vultures over a carcass for decades to come. They're going to be a picture perfect example going forward of how armies are destroyed by corruption. How corruption has eroded every advantage that Russia should have.