up and the citizens have to suffer the consequences and thus are incentivized to change leadership? Isn’t how it’s supposed to work?
I mean, not really. Sanctions are just to say "Hey look we're doing something!" while they just hurt the poorest people and leave them with less means to do anything but try to maintain their existence. Meanwhile the actual people in charge continue on. That's how it's always been.
And there you are. Disregard the argument by claiming it doesn't work. Except that it does. That's why Russian oligarchs are "committing suicide" by leaping off of buildings. Somewhere in the morass of Russia's power structure, the elites are getting pressured and it shows. Iran's nuclear programs suffer because of sanctions. North Korea has almost no influence outside of the peninsula and is in a constant state of reliance on China and posturing because of sanctions. Sanctions work. Unfortunately, there's collateral damage. It's war and it sucks.
Putin fucked around and is finding out. His actions have led directly to the hardships in the geopolitical arena. Stop trying to blame the heartache on the West, you diseased testicle. It's Putin's and Putin's alone.
Or do you expect Natasha who lives in Canada to single-handedly overthrow Putin and stop the war? Come on, even sanctions on actual oligarchs didn't seem to aid the cause that much since the war is still going on.
It is how it's supposed to work and how it actually works in democratic countries. Which I don't think Russia is.
It's a war and the sanctions are a financial weapon in it. If weapons can be targeted with enough precision to avoid collateral damage, then great! Let's do that. If not, then attack the enemy combatants and hope you can avoid enemy civilians.
The sanctions are having the intended effect on Russia. Yes, the oligarchs and government can mitigate some of it, but then the other side counter attacks... it's part of the war and the combatants in these battles are wealthy people and banks. Attacks, evasions, interruption of supply lines and, unfortunately, civilian casualties. It's war and it sucks.
Don't get me wrong, I am not against sanctions. I am against sanctions that harm people that have pretty much nothing to do with the war. These "financial weapons" can be controlled not to harm these people. Except that we don't know much about who decides whom to sanction and how they make these decisions which can be pretty dangerous.
But some people benefit. Some clever Indian and Chinese firms are mixing or refining or relabeling Russian oil and gas then reselling it.
That's why nobody is talking about oligarchs and markets but only about private individuals who according to this article suffered from these sanctions for nothing. We need sanctions, and tough ones, but something in their implementation mechanism needs serious fixing.
It's really distressing to see so many people praising the idea of innocent people being harmed by this. People whose own governments also do horrible things, especially the American government. Basically the same feelings that the American government tried to spread towards Japanese people, even their own citizens back in WW2.
Ever since Napoeleon's total war, every human is just part of the war machine. Its why bombing cities and factories where innocent people work is considered okay. According to modern doctrines there are no "innocent people". Broad stroke bills and collateral damage help end wars apparently. This was always the purpose of government.
Thats not the view of armies of governments. They are all the goodguys and any resistance of failure to follow.orders make sus bad guys. Us working in the economies that fuel this make us bad guys and so theu will sanction and tax and bomb us to hell if they get the chance. Doesn't matter who sits in what chair.
They don't. Putin has spent decades killing and imprisoning opposition while keeping a party around to provide token disagreements with him. Every so often he swaps positions with his crony to make it look like he's respecting term limits.