In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Yeah it’s not like qanon crazies could get riled up enough to like, attack the US Capitol in an attempted overthrow of our democratically elected government or anything. Yeah why could anyone pushing crazy conspiracy theories pose any threat?
I agree that trump thing was shockingly stupid, but the republicans are pretty divided right now. Lindell is probably seen as toxic by the wealthy folks running the republican party.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It is an act. Just like it was back in 15 when there were 15 candidates running and people were saying the same thing. There's nothing on the line right now that this can affect so they are back to 'let play the sorting hat game' to keep ourselves in the news. None of these people are leaders. They are crisis actors waiting to be told what to care about and ad-libbing until they get the signal.
No one is pissed about the election results. The people that fund these things are playing chess in their own time frame. They understand cycles and while trump thinks he's a king, he's really a pawn. They may have planned to do one thing, and trump showing up unexpectedly may have required them to change their goals. But these people do not loose, it just changes what they win and when. Politics is just a cost of doing business to them. They do not cry when they pay the electric bill, and they probably do not even look at the election results after they cut the check.
I think there's truth to that, but Trump is unpredictable and stupid. There were winnable races that Trump meddled in the primaries for. The establishment/the goons funding the party are definitely pissed.
He is indeed a threat in the same way Alex Jones is, just not a political one. We probably agree and I might be the confused one here.
What can he even do? He won't get elected for anything. And the QAnon crowd wants trump, who probably can't win a primary at this point.
Not trying to be condescending but absent any further explanation I simply don’t understand why you would consider him not to be a threat. Unless your definition of threat only applies to those that hold political pffice.
I must have misread the OP or you took what I said the wrong way. I was talking about his chances of actually being RNC chair or doing anything in an elected office. And I think if he somehow won, he wouldn't be an effective leader so it would actually hurt the GOP by having him.
Ahhhh gotcha that makes a lot more sense. I was reading it specifically in the context of the comment you were initially replying to which was that his antics would be funny if he wasn’t a threat to democracy. But yeah this is a topic about him wanting to be GOP chair.
What can he do? Continue to push the same lies that already led to an attempted throw of the government. Is he personally going to lead the charge into the Capitol next time? No. Is he going to continue to loudly and publicly push these lies? Yes.