That said, they're not launching missiles for fun. There is a degree of strategy to it, though it's arguable of course if it's executed well.
North Korea's strategy, for a long time, was to become a nuclear state. Nuclear capabilities, in their view, were the ultimate guarantors of sovereignty. The US would not dare invade a nation that could nuke Seoul or Tokyo, let alone Los Angeles.
From this point of leverage North Korea could hopefully negotiate a position of integration into the world economy on terms more favorable to them.
Of course the default US stance is that we will never accept a nuclear North Korea and that denuclearization is an absolute precondition. But North Korea can bide its time and see if they can chip away at this.
Part of the reason why they engage in provocations like this is to raise the temperature. We are still here. We are volatile. We are a threat to regional stability. Why not negotiate with us now before this turns into a bigger mess? You have a lot more to lose than we do. Maybe we keep our nuclear capabilities but we negotiate some other small concessions to guarantee peace. And so on, and so forth.
I think from their perspective they see that now is a volatile time. Russia is wrecking havoc in Eastern Europe and global gas and food markets. China is returning to a tighter form of authoritarianism, with Taiwan potentially in danger. The US is already in a trade war with them.
Do you really want to have to deal with us acting out too? We're a minor, regional nuisance -- but we can be so much more of a headache when you already have so much on your plate.
I think they sense potential opportunity in a moment of a lot of chaos with not a lot to lose (what's the US really going to do?). Not to mention they just had an audience with a US president for the first time ever.
Maybe if they make enough trouble and wait for the right person to come along, they think they'll get their way. Does Trump really care that much about a non-nuclear North Korea, for example? Sure, that was his default negotiating position with the "establishment" State department. But what if they got to a more personal understanding?
But you're right, it could all well be a horrible miscalculation. Which is why this game is so dangerous.
Even if they launched they would be glassed off the face of the earth and having fired first no-one is coming to their rescue. Even if China abandoned them they wouldn't do it.
Agreed. I can see why Kim might be thinking that way. And the other thing to keep in mind is that when you only have one instrument, that's the one you'll keep playing. The only way he can influence events is through saber-rattling. He has no economic, political, or cultural leverage, so this is his go-to every time.
Historically these moments of high volatility are where autocratic states fundamentally misjudge democracies, figuring they're waffling and weak, not realizing that an external threat is sometimes the only influence that will cause democracies to work together.
Or for this example should south Korea just allow itself to be annexed because a psychotic madman wants to rule over it? Nuclear deterrence is all about keeping the other side thinking about whether you will actually launch if they launch.
No its more likely they would just turn to self reliance like they did ages ago than try to blow everyone away. Then wait for the world to calm down or for a humanitarian crisis to be in full swing before once again asking for food.
There is a reason that kimmy pays attention when the grand pooh bear speaks. And its because he knows his country and by extension his life are tied to china's continuing support.
In the end the situation here is exactly the same as it is with Russia. Should we just tell Ukraine that it has to give up the war, send all its soldiers home and accept Russian rule over its own territory?
So the thing about caving into nuclear blackmail is that once you admit that you will do anything not to die the other guy has essentially won everything.
He now knows that if he wants you to concede on any issue all he has to do is threaten to fire nuclear weapons at you. What's to stop him from asking for everything you own? Or for you to grant him territory for no reason other than he wants it? He dosent even have to back up his threat the mere mention of nukes is apparently enough.
On top of this its not like the DPRK is any position to make threats. Militarily its 50 years behind Russia and thats saying a lot with the information we have now. conventionally or strategically they are fucked in a first strike situation and they know it. Hell if they could win in either scenario why not just take over the South at any point? why haven't they tried again yet?
Naw….. they do this when they’ve run out of supplies. Sham economy is a farce. The people are poor and starving and only get tiny rations from time to time from their government while the elites eat to their fill.
Obviously nobody actually wants NK to nuke people but you cant give into their demands or you just prove to them that nukes are a valid way to get what they want, and that all they need to do for you to give grounds is threaten to press the funni button.