In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
“A new bill from a bipartisan group of lawmakers, if passed, would ban TikTok in the U.S. after years of broad concern across the Trump and Biden administrations about potential Chinese government influence on the company.
TikTok, owned by Chinese company ByteDance, has raised fears in the U.S. that Chinese government officials could gain access to U.S. user data under Chinese law that could compel the company to hand over information. TikTok has insisted U.S. user data is safely stored outside of China, which it says should keep it out of reach of government officials.
But the company’s reassurances have done little to turn down the heat on TikTok. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. is in talks with the company about how to resolve some of the data concerns, though a solution has reportedly been delayed. The director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation Christopher Wray testified before Congress recently that he’s “extremely concerned” over the Chinese government’s potential influence through TikTok on U.S. users.
The new bill, introduced by Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., and Reps. Mike Gallagher, R-Wisc., and Raja Krishnamoorthi, D-Ill., would ban “all transactions from any social media company in, or under the influence of, China, Russia, and several other foreign countries of concern,” according to a press release.”.
The latest Hunter, Biden laptop media started right about when the Trump organization was convicted with 17 counts of mail fraud. A Republican-led Senate committee verified that there was nothing incriminating on Hunter’s laptop over two years ago.
There’s a cartel execution video where they are dismembering someone while pumping adrenaline into his blood so he’s conscious the whole time. It’s one of the worst things I’ve ever seen. The song “Funky Town” was ruined for me by that video.