In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
"The mayor of a small town in Oregon has been arrested on multiple charges including attempted murder following a road rage incident on Monday.
The Hood River County Sheriff’s Office said in a news release that Dowen Jones, the mayor of Rufus, which is located in the northern part of the state, has been charged with one count of attempted murder and four counts of attempted assault after he opened fire at a family driving by him on a highway.
The release states that a family was traveling on Highway 281 on Monday night behind an SUV that was driving “erratically” before the SUV abruptly pulled over.
The driver of the family’s car slowed down to get a description of the driver’s car to report the erratic driving to the sheriff’s office, but the office says Jones stepped out of his car and fired multiple shots from a handgun at the family’s car.
The gunfire damaged the car, which contained two adults and two children, but no one was injured. Investigators identified the car and Jones as the shooter on Tuesday, and he was arrested.
Jones was elected mayor of the town in 2018 with 76 votes, and his term ends at the end of the year. Four voters wrote someone else in, but he faced no other opposition.
NBC reported that Rufus City Council President Scott Holliday said council members have not yet met to discuss any action that could or should be taken against Jones. He said Jones is well-liked and the described actions are not in character.".
A 6 year old was killed here in L.A. not too long ago, too. His mom flipped them off and they responded by shooting at her car and killing her little boy in the back seat.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.