Well past the event horizon on this issue. Lol the only action left offered by article is to prevent ice shelf collapse?
Or they pony up and figure paying fines is cheaper than installing other things to filter out contaminates or other things.
But it can get worse. We have to live sustainably. Even if we want to just maintain 2.0 or 2.5 degrees of warming, we have to fully embrace sustainability and green energy as the backbone of our way of life. 3 and 4 degrees of warming cannot be prepared for in any meaningful way. No semblance of modern society and all the benefits of living in a technologically advanced civilization can be maintained by small enclaves of people living in climate hell.
Millions of people who live outside of cities pollute in ways where they can't catch people polluting.
There is easy lies that are often the truth for these things. No way to convict or enforce or to fine a person.
Companies will hide things from inspectors. This is actually more often than you think. Even at restaurants like McDonald's.
Several tricks to trick inspectors. Talk attention grab so they don't notice something. They end up not testing a specific thing or for a specific thing. All because of quick thinking or sometimes you made sure everything happened fast someone move past them. Maybe it was hidden in they kept them from noticing.
Some attention grabbing is right when someone knows they may notice something they get there attention on another thing or improvement. Or show them how good something else is that meets requirements getting there attention away from the problem.
This is not all environment but health related or contamination related. Everyone including police and jails abd prisons and prison guards and their brothers do this.
Home owners, motels, places that pollute. Many companies and factories poluting who knows what where. Who knows where too.
Water is very low in the river the shitter wasn't there a week before hand and bang. All the sudden there a toilet under the bridge. A group of people took a lot of tires out of the river the year before then i find huge new old tractor tires in the river.
Hard to get caught out there because if they see anyone around they simply keep going. If no one is around they quickly dump.
I see a big as dump truck dump something in the river off the bridge a few years ago anf still don't know what they illegally dumped.
You can only pay people to clean after those who dump. Maybe paid by tax money. Or use volunteers to clean after people who illegally dump.
If people get taxed more for those environment cleanups then everything stays more clean and may cause more people to nark people out because they are paying for everything to be cleaned up out of their taxes.
People can then complain about why something isn't cleaned up. Such as plastic and other pollution causing problems in certain areas. Specially anywhere there is rivers and streams or something natural like wild life areas or fish or swimming locations.
Vigilante justice is honestly the only answer at this point, the state has failed us to the point where they are atleast colluding in the poisoning of our children.