There are so many wars happening right now. But the reason why nobody calls these "WW3" is because all of these are proxy wars by powerful nations.
For example, the ongoing civil war in Yemen is actually a "war" between Iran and Saudi Arabia. One faction gets supplied by Saudi Arabia, and then the other faction gets supplied by Iran. So basically it's an "informal" or "proxy" war between Saudi Arabia and Iran.
There are so many wars, conflicts, and insurgencies all across the Middle East and Africa. In almost all of them, you'll be able to trace at least two powerful countries supplying different groups and militias with various weapons.
Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, and Turkey all participate in proxy wars across the Middle East. France is involved in Africa. The US almost everywhere.
Your guess is as good as mine but Russia has used the Balkan region as a tool to lash out at the west. They fuel instability to throw a monkey wrench in the wests efforts to integrate the western Balkans into the EU. Could be a distraction or something more.
That is the issue in the Balkans though. The Balkans have been at war with itself for the last 300 years. The Austrians, Turks, Hungarians and what not have fanned the fires of discontent in order for them to held the regions under their grasp and they well knew the effects. It’s in the cultural fabric of the countries comprising the region at this point in time and sadly, until the standard of living increases and the painful chapters are discussed and accepted, the status quo will remain.
Superpowers rarely participate in traditional wars anymore, they just pit groups against each other to fight their wars for them. Putin just broke this trend by saying "fuck it, let's invade Ukraine", but i doubt other superpowers will follow suit.
Because now everyone talks about potential "war" (that, according to state media, already happened) instead of amonia (or however it's spelt) poisoning drinking water in one of Serbia's regions.
Cherry picking at your convenience is neither reflective of the historical background or to the argument I brought forward.
There was always ethnic tension. Or did you forget about the Chetniks in Serbia who felt betrayed and in the end brought the end of Yugoslavia. Or maybe the Ustasa who hated Serb and Bosnian alike because they wanted to create a greater Croatia. Tito had managed to keep the country in one piece because he knew how to compromise and satisfy all the parts.