In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Plus he is reminding people that she managed to get elected Speaker multiple times. Gingrich, Boehner, and Ryan flamed out after losing it the first time and bailed on politics.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
A good job? Maybe a great job? That's weak sauce from a guy who speaks only in hyperbole and exaggeration. Even Trump is dithering because he doesn't want to be backing a loser. I predict a day or two before he starts denying he ever supported McCarthy.
"[Matt Gaetz] got Donald Trump all of one vote, so Donald Trump came in dead last and lost another election. Thank you Matt Gaetz for showing us that Donald Trump is the ultimate loser. Donald Trump can thank his friend Matt Gaetz for that additional humiliation.".
McCarthy can't even get unanimity on the very first thing that is supposed to happen when a party gets the majority.
Pelosi has held that position for eight years total, which, in the past 35 years or so, has only been rivaled by Republican Dennis Hastert (whom Republicans don't like to talk about because he was lter convicted for molesting teenage boys).
The real loss here for Trump is that throwing his support behind McCarthy had basically zero impact. Even the nutso's he inspired have moved on from him.
He missed the football completely on the starting kick, slid on the grass, and landed on his keister. That's his starting play for this Congress.
Sorry to be reminding you. I do think it's relevant, given this historical moment we are in. It's relevant if for no other reason than the party calling LGBTQ+ people "groomers" had a House Speaker in the early oughts who was literally the kind of monster they are accusing others of being.