In a perverse and twisted way it kind of is though. There will be ultra nationalistic Russians who believe the propaganda and/or want Putin to restore the Soviet Union to make their lives better who sadly agree with this action.
There are some Russian people who take it way further than that though and want nothing less than the total conquest and destruction of Ukraine. Some are basically baying for the blood of the Ukrainians.
Yes, it's horrible to us. But that's the problem though. Their idea of strong and functional is different from ours. They really don't have a choice in the matter.
Putin's aim is simply to live yet another day. In his ultra paranoid KGB mind he fears democracy. He sees it as a tool of America and the CIA to topple dictators. He sees his fate in Saddam and Gaddafi. That's part of the reason why he sows division in other countries, so he can point at the flaws in our countries and say "See, their version of democracy is just as corrupt as we are." and then the Russian public won't bother wanting it. Just to be on the safe side, Putin has also given them a corrupt version of democracy called .
Some people will also fear yet another collapse of Russia. They will remember when they could not feed their families. Russia is built around Putin. It could easily collapse when he dies. Yet when he dies a Putin v.2.0 will rise and take his place. The man who helped Putin seize power has also said this. The system cannot produce anything different nor work without a tyrant.
Nothing will change because nothing can change. A leader would have to have the backing of the FSB, the military, the loyal police, the mafia, etc...
To top it all off, as a Russian once said if someone knocks on your door and asks if you support Putin you say yes.
If people are hoping the public will rise up and overthrow dictators, such as in Russia or North Korea, then that's an idealistic dream. A nice dream but an impossible dream.
The people are broken into submission and resigned to their fate. Many know they won't live long enough to collect their pension so they drink their lives away. Yet there are some who gladly want Putin to restore the Soviet Union as they desire a return to when their lives were a little better. There are also people who believe all the propaganda from the Kremlin.
So are they excuses and evil deeds? Sure. What do you expect from a dictator? Their only purpose is to allow a dictator to survive.
Yet there are people who will see it as Putin being strong. It could be because they fear any disruption to the system built around him and don't want to starve should it collapse, or it could be that they believe the propaganda and approve of his actions.
So yes, it is complicated with different reasons involved. It's horrible, but then dictators are unfortunately like that.
Sometimes, when having an opinion cost you not your own life but the life of your loved ones, you stop having an opinion.
Besides, I think the content or the idea a person tries to put across and their reason for doing so is far more important than a name, title or picture. A name, title or picture can deceive us or lead to us subconsciously prejudging the person and their idea before they speak.
It's a random string of characters made by a password generator. I couldn't be bothered with making the usual sort of witty usernames.
Lately I'm far more interested in animals though. Knowing why dictators and the their oppressed people think and act the way they do is very depressing. I find it rewarding to befriend and help animals who have learned the hard way to mistrust all humans.
As for my line of reasoning, the question "Why?" has always fascinated me, be it how and why animals think and act or us human animals.
Fear works well. Nobody spoke against Franco in Spain but It was a party the day he died. See the incongruence?
It goes much much deeper than people usually think. What I described is what happened in Spain, which may not be much different in Russia as far as we know.
I can see many to be against the war but just don't see any way to act without risking it all and your family.
Before criticising them for being apathetic cowards, one should ask themselves - are THEY ready to go to prison and get threatened, hurt & abused for their beliefs?
Also, his wife & daughter must be going through hell being unable to see him or help him in any way...
Two years before that super ancient song called We Will Rock You by Queen just to put It in perspective.
True. For most people their safety and safety of their children and relatives comes first. Not everyone can be a hero & martyr. Most people just want to live their lives.
It's super easy to paint it like a hero mission like in the movies. In reality dying for your beliefs means your wife will be a widow, your kids will not have father, your house will be stigmatized, they will lose their jobs and being in contact with anyone close to you will be forbiden, meaning your family, friends and neighbourts will stop talking to them and the life of those around you is going to get really bad because of your action.
Those people could potentially cause Putin a headache should they gain enough numbers and a loud enough voice as they brand anyone who so much as hints at withdrawing from the war without total victory as a coward, a weak and unpatriotic person in league with Nazis and the West.
A Russian told Julia Ioffe that if someone knocks on your door and asks if you support Putin you say yes.
More than a third of the current population of the country was alive when Franco ruled and more than half lived the post-franquism. Shut up.
If anything, now It's easier to know who's talking about anything. Not having your real name in your account doesn't mean you can't be tracked and monitored. The rules of your country about privacy mean shit in Russia.
There are two basic groups. The older group tend to get all their information and news from the Kremlin controlled state TV. They tend to believe what they are told and tend to support Putin.
There are people who have taken the pro-Putin propaganda to heart and really ran with it. They may be members of nationalistic groups online.
Early in the war Julia Ioffe interviewed a Russian man who is in Ukraine with his Ukrainian friends. He's debunking the Kremlin propaganda online. His mother has denounced him as a traitor to Putin and to Russia.
His mother wants Putin to restore the Soviet Union. Her reason is simply that her quality of life as fallen as the Soviet Union fell. She had a good life back then compared to now. So she wants to return to the good old days, kind of like so many people do in other countries at the moment.
Getting back to those ultra nationalistic groups online. They are kind of like American QAnon believers in the sense that they've swallowed the Kremlin propaganda whole and are really nationalistic. Some of them will settle for nothing less than the total conquest and destruction of Ukraine and the Ukrainians. Some actually are baying for their blood.
Those negative labels could potentially be damaging to a dictator who tried to back out of a war. It could damage the dictators facade of strenh. So no, Putin couldn't stop the war just like that even if he wanted to, not that I believe he wants to stop the war without total conquest anyway.
Dictators hide behind the image or persona of a tough man of action, a strong man of equal or greater than the Wests leaders, particularly the American presidents.
So yes, there are people who know the truth and dislike or hate Putin. But, there are also people who pin all their nationalistic hopes on him as a means of improving their lives and the standing of Russia in the world. They will remember the laughing stock that Yeltsin was known to be. That's part of the reason some like Putin, simply because he doesn't drink like Yeltsin.
Many people won't live long enough to collect their pension. Many people remember not being able to feed their families at the fall of the Soviet Union. There is still a lot of mistrust towards the West and especially America for many reasons.
It's easy for people to grasp onto something and wish it to be true or to blame a conveniently provided other group. Throw in all the propaganda and peoples inability to really speak their mind for fear of being beaten and then broken by the "justice" system and you can see why the people are pessimistic.
That Cold War mistrust is used as a weapon against people through the . Once that label is attached to a person, group or organisation people tend to automatically distrust you. It's an effective tool for silencing critics of Putin.
The man who helped Putin seize power said that when Putin dies Russia will fall and a Putin v.2.0 will rise to take his place. That's the only type of person the system can make and the only type of person who can survive. They would need the backing of the FSB, be able to work with the mafia, basically be yet another tyrant.
It's a very effective tactic. Manufacture an imaginary scary monster for the people to fear and be angry at. Then position yourself as the patriotic hero, the only one capable of providing a solution to the problem.
Mix in nationalism, some mythical rose-tinted patriotic tales of your countries past and religion to taste and you have a patriotic hero doing gods will, a protector of the people. It sounds like a hero from myths and legends doesn't it?
I think the reason why the stories of about the imaginary scary monster get worse and more outrageous is partly because if it stayed at the same threat level then the public would become desensitised to the threat. It would become the new normal. The group would loose focus and drift from their phony leader.
BBC Radio 4 did a series of interviews with the same set of people both before and after the Brexit vote.
That's all it took for him to start thinking if he'd made a mistake. Just getting to know one man and his family.