In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
While I absolutely agree, as the Bible is there biggest work of fiction out there, I don't think we need to question if the physical description is accurate or not. In every other fiction book we don't question if that's what a character really looks like - Alice in Wonderland is described as having blonde hair, Snow White had skin as white as snow, etc. We never questioned or doubted what those fake books described, why do you think this fake book is inaccurate about what the fictional character looked like? It gave a literal description of what he physically looks like, why do you not know if that's "true" while never questioning if every other fictional character actually looks like the way they were described?
I saw an article on Yahoo last week about how a lot of families with LGBTQ+ children or parents were considering leaving Florida and the comments were really fucking depressing. A lot of the top comments were saying things like they voted DeSantis by a large margin and they want these people to leave for California or Portland or other places conservatives hate. Terrible comments. I'm not spending any money in Florida while all of this is going on.
Oh just get on with it already Florida. Just remove everything that isnt your religion of choice and isnt white. Your tease of just removing a little bit here and there isnt fooling anyone.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
This to will pass. I never thought I would make it through the 80’s politics, yet here I am to redo the shittiest parts all over again. We have been here before. This is the death rattle of a mindset time is leaving behind. Hang in there.