The irony here is that the black market for crude oil refining is huge in Nigeria and is alongside she'll probably the worst contributor to pollution there. There's a really good vice documentary on it.
Yeah, this exposé and the one about the worlds largest lsd lab in the old missile silo are what got me into vice news. When ever people try complain about “over” regulation in the Environmental Protection Agency (U.S.).
For sure, whilst shell pay fines and bribes where they have to to get what they need, they want their product to get to the end user ultimately so probably have mildly ok safety and containment. Till someone with an angle grinder comes along or however they tap the pipes.
I point them to this doc. And before anybody tries to call me I’m a hippie tree hugger climate alarmist who doesn’t know anything let it be known I spent well over 10 years in the oil field and was raised on oil money before that. Recognizing that corporations shouldn’t be in charge of regulating themselves shouldn’t be a polarizing issue. Do you want the plumber to tell you the shit pipe is good or do you want an inspector to tell you?
The refining is some of the worst. Not only is the process done in home made stills, but the products they easily refine or sell are dumped into the local waterways.
In real life there's a little thing called the Second rule of Thermodynamics that prevents stuff from magically appering from the air. Which makes the communist dream of everyone being wealthy while barely working impossible.
Radiation I guess and with Fukushima around Japan probably comes close to the radiation crown, that's been leaking radiation for years now whereas Chernobyl was a few weeks.
And well, maybe the absolute exact vision of communism that Marx pictured hasn't been realized yet, but there's a pretty simple reason: it's impossible.
Of course, it sounded possible to a deadbeat that never worked a day in his life, like Marx. But to everyone else that adhered to this dogma, it was nothing but a fairy tale to rile up the masses in hopes of establishing dystopian dictatorships where they are in the supreme power.