In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
If section 230 gets killed or doesn't at least end up with replaced with similar protections, the internet essentially becomes broadcast television at best, with only major outlets being able to publish anything on it. Literally all user generated content disappears, including quite possibly simple things like basic well moderated forums from the 90s.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
The web would be worse than what we had in the late 90s pre-social media. You would become a consumer of it with no say or ability to influence it at all.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I can't even begin to imagine how disruptive this would be if it happens. Imagine losing the right to even host a text document on google drive for your work, because google drive itself is too legally vulnerable to exist at all.
Hell, I'm not even sure online messaging services would survive. Ebay probably disappears, and anybody not a direct vendor on Amazon for sure.
Honestly, I would actually guess it's a step too far even for them. A lot of corporate masters rely on the tech and it could actually disrupt their ability to earn profits more than help them.
To add on to what you were saying, considering how our modern world operates, killing Section 230 would also cause economic chaos as countless companies attempt to adjust to the largest economy in the world changing its regulations.
But it's also something an insanely anti-democratic dystopian nut might be in favor of, so who knows.
It's so stupid that we're being dragged back due to the incompetence of people who refuse to let go of power. I wish they'd just check in to a retirement home and let younger people take the job.
I despise this current supreme court with a passion, but I suspect in the next 6 months we'll either find out if they're straight up insane, or just playing the manipulative long con game like usual. For similar reasons, I suspect they won't be able to rule too broadly on moore vs harper even if it's Trump and MAGA's dream that they do.
Or the worst could happen and we could find ourselves starting next July with effective no functional way to communicate on the internet and no functional democracy at all the same time. Imagine that world if it becomes a reality with no real warning.
I mean it's anyone's guess at this point. Remember people were saying that they wouldn't strike down Roe v. Wade because it would be too drastic of a change and that no one would stand for it. I have no confidence that they'll make the right choice on those rulings.
I actually think Thomas and Alito are capable of being that stupid. I'm not sure about the rest. We'll see.
I get that but I don't think YouTube should be liable for what a Neo Nazi posts on their platform. They do need to be better about policing content but, letting people sue over what someone posts wouldn't be the way to go.
I don't have confidence in their ability to do the right thing morally, but I question how much danger they're willing to put themselves in, because decisions like these go beyond rationale and approach genuine suicidal insanity. Roe is bad and is already borderline political suicide, these would become even worse rapidly.
Say goodbye to a functional internet guys. Because people who have no idea how this stuff works are going to rule in ways that will wreck functionality.
The silver lining from this is that nations outside the United States would stand to benefit from having a functional policy towards the internet, but that would be dependent on them surviving the initial economic shocks, which isn't a given.
It's up to the platforms to police content to some extent but making them liable will make it so no one will be willing to host user generated content because as a business owner why would you take the risk?
And this is happening because out of touch parents aren't bothering to police the content their kids have access to online. We're living in a fing circus.