In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I honestly wouldn't be surprised if his birth certificate came from a Cabbage Patch Doll at this point. The GOP said that Obama wasn't an American citizen for over 8 years despite this being proven demonstrably false repeatedly, but they keep defending this guy. Almost everything he has said is a lie.
That means he was caught up in a lie about his claim of religious faith, along with being caught lying that his grandparents were Jews who escaped the Nazis in WW2. So, he's using this defense strategy: I didn't mean I was Jewish, but "Jew-ish", while making air quotes. It's worth hunting down the video of his apology/explanation if you haven't seen it, it's like an SNL skit or something.
Edit: Nevermind, just read that he's joined the dark side over COVID. In that case, I would say Fred Armisen.
I bought my father a shirt that said "I'm not a full blooded Jew, I'm just a little Jew-ish." (He's not Jewish, it's an inside joke, not in an offensive way). I thought of that when he said it. Judaism is one religion that is traced through family lineage, it's often treated like race. The term Jew-ish is usually meant to be someone who isn't Jewish but relates to the religion and Jewish community, community is one of the main tenants of Judaism. It's his way of walking back his lie by effectively saying "I didn't mean I was Jewish, I meant I like what they do.".
Yeah, if he had done that, then that would be somewhat understandable. But he claimed college degrees he didn't have, jobs he had never held, and the one that I can't get over, lying that grandparents escaped the Nazis in WW2.
Those are kind of hard to walk back but the Jewish/Jew-ish thing is plausible. It's a flat out lie and anybody who believes it should immediately be disqualified from voting for being too fucking stupid, but it's plausible.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.