The Winter War began on 30 November 1939, when the Soviet Union attacked Finland without declaring war.
Volodymyr Zelenskyy invited Elon Musk to visit Ukraine before offering a "formula for peace", - The New York Times.
"If you want to understand what Russia has done here, come to Ukraine and you will see it with your own eyes. After that, you will tell us how to end this war, who started it and when we can end it," Zelenskyy said.
The fighting lasted 105 days. Tens of thousands sacrificed their lives so that we could celebrate 105 years of independence on 6 December.
Ticking off the Turks would be an expedient way for Russia to lose this war. The Turks have the numbers and supplies to match the Russians and wouldn't be hamstringed like the Ukrainians. Not to mention Turkey could easily start arming countries on Russia's border more intensely and offer military support.
I know I'd be paying attention just to see if he's at all capable of self-reflection and something other than douchebag edgy twitter hot-takes.
If he's able to put his ego aside and admit he was wrong it'd be a good way to save some face and get a rare win for his public persona.
Only 25% are in favour of continuing the war, whilst 55% want peace talks, a massive change in comparison with July.
“We are discussing with the management of Ukrenergo the placement of three power plant ships with a total capacity of 300 megawatts near Odesa.".
Also,made it clear that we can again send Ukraine a certain number of Gepard tanks,” Hebestrait said.
Major Ковалев Максим Геннадьевич (Kovalev Maxim Gennadievich), Ka-52 helicopter pilot, head of military firearms tactical training, was killed in Ukraine.
The Institute for the Study of War “continues to assess that the degraded Russian forces around Bakhmut are unlikely to place Bakhmut under threat of imminent encirclement rapidly,” CNBC reports.
Meduza reports that a new internal poll conducted by the Russian government shows waning support for the "Special Military Operation".
⚡️Finland handed Ukraine equipment to restore the power grid after the Russian missile strikes, — the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Finland.
Converters, circuit breakers, relays and other important electrical components are among the equipment transferred. As noted, aid was sent on November 24 - the day after the last strikes, but it was reported only a week later.
⚡ ISW: Russian forces made marginal gains around Bakhmut on November 29, but Russian forces remain unlikely to have advanced at the tempo that Russian sources claimed.
The German government wants to transfer more Gepard self-propelled artillery mounts to Ukraine, government spokesman Steffen Hebestreit said.
"It is unlikely that the Russian troops moved at the pace reported by Russian sources," say experts.
According to them, the geo-location footage shows that Russian troops have made little progress southeast of Bakhmut.
They're probably concerned that they'll malfunction over while still over Russian territory. (Their actual territory, not some nonsense lines drawn with a Sharpie).
⚡️ Ivan Fedorov, Mayor of Melitopol, said that the Ukrainian Armed Forces hit the positions of Russians in the village of Myrne of the Melitopol district.
"After 1 a.m. there were several loud explosions in the local club, where the newly arrived mobilized Russian soldiers settled. Information about enemy casualties is being clarified," he said.
We are analyzing the intentions of the Russians and preparing a countermeasure, even more powerful countermeasure than now.
The main issues are Donetsk, Luhansk, Kharkiv, Kherson, Zaporizhzhia regions, Crimea, front-line territories and our state border.
⚡️Oleksii Arestovych named the number of dead Ukrainian soldiers after today's mistake by Ursula von der Leyen in her speech.
Kazakhstan has voiced it's disinterest in a "gas union" between itself, Uzbekistan and Russia, to coordinate gas exports between the three countries.
Kazakhstan's Deputy Head said that it wouldn't allow for Russia to use the country's territory to bypass western sanctions.
There are no separatists in the Donbas. The War in Donbas was an elaborate russian ploy. Some global media sources keep referencing the so-called DPR and LPR patched russian troops as "pro-russian separatists." In this thread, I aim to explain why it is russian propaganda.
An unidentified plane, "coming from abroad", bombed a Central African base where Russian soldiers were stationed (probably Wagner).
With our partners, we will make sure that Russia pays for the devastation it caused, with the frozen funds of oligarchs and assets of its central bank.