The self proclaimed alpha males. Then they stepped up to the plate to show off their alphaness against another person and got throat punched so bad they cried that the person was hitting too much.
I'm not sure we had "absolutely nothing to worry about", the force that "we" would have faced in the 80's is very different to the force the Ukrainians are facing. Unlike the main NATO powers the Russian army is very much a conscription based army with a fraction of the "career" soldiers we have. As Russia couldn't use the conscripts for their "special operation" they are very much hamstrung and lack the manpower they need to effectively use what they have.
That's also not mentioning of course just how much their remaining armed forces have atrophied since the fall of the USSR. Had they come storming across the Fulda Gap they would have thrown everything at us including their air power. All of which was much more impressive during the 80's.
I spent 5 years in the 80s on a NATO base in Germany. We trained extremely hard because we thought we were facing a superpower military that could potentially destroy us in battle (overwhelming force, numbers, ect). Looking back now I realize that we had absolutely nothing to worry about. The Russians were and are a paper military.
I still agree they're more powerful on paper than in reality but there is no doubt the 80's USSR would have been far more a worry than 20's Russia.
There is no question they would have been more impressive and a worry than now. When the USSR broke up Russia took 40% of the aircraft and 65% of the manpower and significant amounts of that will have atrophied. Both pilots without effective training and aircraft without maintenance and improvements.
In 1990 they had about 8000 aircraft, now they have about 4000 and a significant chunk of those will still be Soviet era planes lacking modern upgrades (same with their tanks which are lacking night sights etc), see the reports of pilots with commercial GPS systems taped to the dash etc.
Since the end of the cold war the US has downsized but modernised and while they're using quite a few "cold war" era planes those that they are still using have been very heavily modernised.
I can't help but wonder what Russia would look like if the regime was was less kleptocratic since the collapse of the Soviet Union. If they had actually spent their money and resources on modernization and investment in their military and infrastructure, how successful would they have been? In Ukraine? In general?
I mean to be fair...they have. It's just that the military was in such a terrible state after years of neglect and the endemic corruption. It's almost always cheaper to refurbish rather than produce from scratch and they had so much lying around after the fall of the USSR. They have however "wasted" a significant part of the increased military spending in the Putin era on the Strategic Rocket Forces which is no use to them outside of a full blown nuclear exchange. I suspect there too that a massive chunk has just been lost to corruption. How many of the nominal battle ready tanks for example were actually ready to use vs NATO (where if anything we tend to be rather more pessimistic, reporting tanks as "out of service" due to problems that would be ignored if WW3 broke out). While we do have corruption in the West most of it tends to be on the lines of bribing politicians to buy your weapons systems rather than the weapons systems being paid for but not ending up delivered to the solders (for many reasons).
Undoubtedly they would have been best to have reviewed things immediately after the fall, mothballed everything and everyone except a (relatively) small cadre which were well funded (relatively speaking) and trained and built back up from there. Instead everything got neglected and lots were ruined (both material and skills). That however would have required a "plan" and there was little long term planning during the fall.
Their biggest issue with Ukraine is that they utterly misjudged things, expecting to be welcomed with open arms and a token fight. Akin to how Crimea fell.