In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
They're very likely winning the House and therefore stalling any Democratic legislation for 2 years at minimum (and looking at the 2024 Senate map, 4 years at minimum). No, they didn't win what they expected to, but let's not act like this was a total loss for them.
Except now they are using him as their scapegoat. It wasn't just Trump the person people took issue with, it was his policies, actions and rhetoric. Unfortunately it was not limited to him.
They don't have enough power to stop anything the Democrats put in motion. Biden setup stuff like the Infrastructure bill that's just getting rolling.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I'm not at all denying that they did suffer losses. Losing the MI legislature is huge. It just seems like they're suffering more from severely underperforming expectations, rather than actual losses.
And they can't stuff the judiciary with lifetime appointments of nutcases which was their bulwalk against losing their asses as soon as Gen Z started voting.
And they lost control of multiple statehouses and governments in swing states, potentially killing one of their backup plans to install a dictator.
2 more years of D judges, losing absolute control over multiple swing states, inability to stop anything Democrats did from 2020-2022, inability to block Biden Executive Orders. Trump's reputation in shambles.
Because of the filibuster, this is barely better for them than a D trifecta. Nationally, they've lost power. They can't even run Trump in 2024 anymore!
I believe the only state that may fit this description is Arizona, if Hobbs holds on. MI already had a D governor. Republicans actually gained net state legislature seats in WI, GA, and NC.
What could they have stopped had they won both chambers of Congress that they can't now? Biden would have and will be governing largely by executive order regardless of whether Dems retained the Senate, because of the House flipping red.