In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
While this plays out, in the background the Republican party is currently holding meetings and discussions about what exactly to do with trump, he put alot of these people who lost on the ballots and told everyone it would be a landslide. This is a problem that will absolutely be dealt with for once.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
So next up (already underway as we speak rly) trump and DeSantis are about to square off, only one will survive. Trump has fired the latest Salvo by leaking that he interviened in the vote count for DeSantis in 2018 and now the guy who lost to DeSantis is seeking legal action.
They will slowly start to distance themselves from trump, mostly the upper circle of the Republicans at first... most likely using DeSantis to land the knock out blow.
But this is where it gets interesting because after they "eat" trump... they will start to eat eachother as things slowly unravel and the air comes out of the bubble.
Like a house of cards, it will implode. The maga Republicans will go extinct... yeah I know that sounds unbelievable... but its about to actually occur.
I didn't say the Republicans will go extinct, I said the group of maga people they all follow is about to.
It will be a seamless transition using fix news, the media in general etc, they will force feed the transition to you in a way that even if I told you, you wouldn't notice until it's done.
This is how this will work, day by day for the next couple weeks the overall stance from Republican media will start to change, without directly pointing it out.. they will all individually start to first question trump as a leader... his descions, his actions etc... creating the discussion/planting the seeds.
So what im laying out here at first (pre edit) will seem to slowly start and then kinda dissappear for awhile while other spicy things take center stage.
But it will then resurface, pre election... Ron DeSantis will be elevated at this stage but you may be suprised as to his change in "rhetoric" to a certain degree.
Desantis’ rhetoric may change, but his policy will not. The republicans are still going to have the same agenda, Christian nationalism and legalizing their bigotry. Their Supreme Court picks will help them, we still have the upcoming decision that could entirely change election laws. This is not over yet, republicans will still be a serious threat to democracy because the only thing they care about is power, money, and enforcing their own moral code on others.
Oh they will not go extinct the bigot, nationalist, isolationist, religious extremists go back into 1800’s.
Why we have to do long term outreach and actually change minds on stuff like abortion and LGBQT. They could be organized by another populist.
Yep got to tell them you made a difference increase you vote even further you can probably get drinking age lowered if you wish it along with even better laws.
I call it the 51 problem a side wins an issue but then stops trying to change minds it just tells them to suffer and deal with it. You got to keep changing minds till you got at least 80 percent support.