In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
As a Republican I couldn’t be more pleased with this news and that it’s looking like Kari Lake might lose the AZ Gov race, and Dan cox losing in MD (although that was pretty much a forgone conclusion) I hope our party can shift away from the far right/ looney toons.
When I voted yesterday, it was one of the most cathartic votes I've ever cast. Removed from my psyche were the 6 months of doomsayers and talking head's babble. It took only a few minutes to vote, but yesterday PA voters sent all the clueless doomsayers, ginned up GOP polls, talking heads, and one pos carpetbagger packing.
This is going to blow your mind, but compared to most other western nations your Democrats are center-right politically, on most topics.
But please (not trying to be a dick here) what is it about “Republican” policies that makes you call yourself a Republican?
I am not just calling myself a republican, I am one. I have worked in republican politics my entire adult career. Having been a campaign staffer for some pretty big names, worked in Statehouses and the US Senate for some other big names... I believe in the ideology of the republican party, I believe in our solutions and I support moderate republicans in leadership positions.
Look I don’t want to seem snarky (well ok I do a bit) but “your solutions” in the time I’ve been an adult aware of American politics seem to be nothing more than tax cuts for rich guys, and denying reality. Oh and sticking it to minorities.
What is it I’m missing? What’s something key that republicans did in the last 20 years that you think embodies “Republican ideology”?
Your reply to mine seems to have been removed (and I assume you're unaware of that - fucking Jesus if there's one thing we can all agree on it's that shadow moderation is a cluster fuck of epic proportions) - but I saw it anyway.
The original bipartisan proposal/bill that became Opportunity Zones seems like it had merits, if applied carefully...
However, the irony is not lost on me, that while trying to point to "good things" Republicans have done - you highlight a bill that they gutted the reporting/safeguards from before signing it into law, and then proceeded to just skull fuck the stated intention of when it came to actual implementation, such as when Trump's Sec.Treasury allowed it to be applied to the largest industrial park in the United States, because some other crusty old 80s investor mate with a past that makes Monty Burns look like a saint had an investment in it.
So, let me ask again - what is "Republican Ideology"? Financially they still seem wed to the ridiculous notion of trickle down economics. If you want to tell me that giving the wealthy huge tax breaks will somehow help everyone else, I'm going to point you to my earlier point about denying reality.
I’m not American, but from the outside there are only two things I can think of when someone says “small government Republican”:
- real life republicans (trying to/achieving) making government services essentially useless by defunding them.
I wouldn’t be surprised if republicans think highly of Ron Swanson without realising he’s a caricature of them.