In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The specter of Trump behind bars has now been so thoroughly fetishized that it deserves its own category on pornhub.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
So far he’s done pretty well with all his bullshit lawsuits, raising more money than lawsuits and sanctions.
And the infuriating thing is I bet he gets these made-up protections. It's insane that he gets treated differently, especially considering this could set a new precedent.
He isn’t running for President because he’s trying to avoid jail. There are easier and cheaper ways of getting that done. He could grease a few palms and have his whole Mar-a-lago looney bin made a legal voting booth. And you can’t arrest someone while they are in a voting booth. You think this isn’t possible? People thought it wasn’t possible that he’d be the president either.
He’s running for office because he likes the prestige and power. He learned that, even during a global pandemic, he really didn’t have to work that hard. He met a ton of other rich and influential people. And he got to serve a sports team about 1,000 Big Macs (Filet o Fish for the observant.).
First it was collusion, then it was Helsinki. Remember the Mueller Report? Time and time again he and his inner circle were found breaking norms and the law. Each time Rachel Maddie got so wet over it a bumper crop of barley botched up her briny boxers.
I had your optimism when I voted twice for Hope and Change. But even Obama was little else than an operator.
But the man will never see the inside of a jail cell. The best we can do is ignore his tweets (yes, the tweets are coming,) ignore his rallies, and let his whole bizarre circus of oddly-shaped adherents tumble into the least relevant corners of Newsmaxx.