In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Biden's lawyers found documents, and returned them to NARA (National Archives and Records Administration) as soon as they were discovered. Upon finding the documents, they searched Biden's other properties and returned any additional documents. Robert Huy, special counsel investigating the Biden documents, will confirm (or deny) and his report and recommendations will be made public.
NARA (National Archives and Records Administration) asked Trump for the records he was withholding.
The clear thing that makes the situations different is intent. Just looking at the sequence of events I think the intent is clear, but both cases have special counsel assigned and both are (and should be) under investigation.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
1. That the boxes were numbered sequentially, and that not all of the numbers in sequence had been returned.
Trump's lawyers returned 15 boxes to NARA, and signed an affidavit saying there were no more records.
Trump lawyers return another set of documents, treating them as if they were classified documents, and state all documents have been returned.
In June 2022, DOJ requires that Trump and his lawyers designate a custodian of records (they still haven't), and require another affidavit saying that all records have been returned after another "thorough" search.
In August 2022, FBI executes a search warrant at Mar-a-lago, and find an additional 13 boxes of documents (some of which are top secret).
Trump tweets about the FBI dutifully executed search warrant making the information public and attacking the FBI and DOJ.
Trump and his lawyers have still refused to designate a custodian of records. (Presumably because no one wants to sign an affidavit stating that all documents have been returned because there are probably more documents being hoarded).
Special counsel Jack Smith, a former war crimes prosecutor will confirm (or deny) and his report and recommendations will be made public.
We can clearly see how these the current president and former president are handling the documents differently. But we'll know more when the special counsel for each case makes their report to Merrick Garland.
The argument is that Trump willfully refused to return the documents, not that he didn't know he had them.
Classified documents should not be handled carelessly, but that's not really what the issue is with Trump.