I’m curious which Republicans voted in favor of Ukraine. I suspect that Collins, Murkowski, Romney and Toomey are among them, as they they sometimes have a conscience, but I’m not sure about the rest.
When running for president Romney was persistent at labeling Russia our biggest geopolitical foe. In addition to the fact that it helps contrast himself with MAGA republicans he seems to be in favor of anything that takes Russia down a peg.
Ironically, with the Russian Army being ground to bits in Ukraine and the Europeans re-arming it becomes much easier for the US to pivot to the Pacific. Thanks Putin?
Putin did really prove some dude right in the DOD, who I'm sure is walking around going "toldja so".
Yeah, I mean, it did sound pretty ridiculous at the time. Even today I think most would agree that China is the far bigger threat we should be focusing on.
To be fair the US had already started the pivot over the last few years. The marines finally started ditching their heavy armor units and started moving towards logistically light programs over the last year or so with a doctrine focus on taking island chains and the like.
I know Democrats and Republicans hating each other is nothing new, but generally both parties can agree that Putin is worse than either major party.
Well, it doesn't help that Paul and even seemed to use the former existence of the Soviet Union to justify the war.
I don't see that quote anywhere in the article. The closest thing I could find is that his statement that he "justifies" his lack of support for Ukraine by prioritizing the United States economy.
Even if he's being sincere, Paul's decision to oppose economic support for Ukraine is callous; I know the U.S. economy is not in ideal shape, but at least the U.S. isn't being invaded by a country known for shunning homosexuality and illegalizing political rivals.
In short, I consider the threat of a Russian takeover to be a much bigger problem and threat than the mediocrity of the U.S. economy. The U.S. is not in danger of falling victim to foreign bigotry and tyranny.
To respond to your last two sentences, imagine that the United States is at a crossroads. The country can prioritize fixing its economy, which is mediocre but not depression-level bad, or help Ukraine by sending funding and military equipment.
If the United States prioritizes its economy, sure, that can improve, but at the cost of the independence of a country with tens and tens of millions of people, and if Ukraine falls to Russia, Russia will enforce its laws, including the ability to illegalize political rivals and a ban on any positive depiction of homosexuality, upon Ukrainians. Basically, if Ukraine falls, Putin will presumably be ruler until he dies and Ukrainian homosexuals won't be legally allowed to express their homosexuality. Moreover, if the Russian military can conquer Ukraine easily enough, Putin will potentially decide he wants even more countries to be under Russian control, and the cycle of Russian invasions will repeat itself.
If the United States prioritizes Ukraine, the American economy will remain in less than perfect shape for a while, but at least the people of Ukraine, and by extension, Eastern European countries that Putin might invade if Ukraine falls, can resist the iron fist of Putin.