Russia 🇷🇺 is facing: Reduced demand, while the prices drop, for gas and oil; Devaluation of its currency; Lack of basic technological goods; Rising unemployment; Lack of access to hard currency.
Gotta give major props to Ukrainians operating behind enemy lines. Some of Putin's worst won't go to the front but instead stay where it's safer to terrorize civilians. We already know they launch reprisal raids after these attacks.
Depends in how healthy the economy/ business are. If a lot of business leave/ close then unemployment is going to go up. Yes, the military, and those that left the county will reduce the amount of available people. But if the unemployment numbers are still rising then it implies that their economy is starting to feel the war/ sanctions.
I think a very visible international trial for war crimes would do the rest of the world quite a bit of good. Shooting her in the face might be fair justice, surely, but a protracted show of international condemnation would be so much better for everyone (except Russia, of course, but they'll bitch and whine and lie like they always do anyways so who cares?).
And is anyone surprised? Only Russia can see their opponent leave an untenable position, immediately rush into the direct fire range of all the guns, and call for a victory parade.
The section of railway tracks nearby was used by the occupiers to transport military equipment, personnel and ammunition.
⚡️Yesterday, Luhansk guerrillas destroyed the Luhansk-Lantrativka railway line with the help of an improvised explosive device, – Serhii Haidai, the head of the Luhansk Regional Military Administration, reports.
It was preliminarily established that the indicated railway connection is used by the Russians for the transportation of military equipment, personnel and warehouse, as well as the export of Ukrainian grain.
🚨 Greece has informed Germany that they can wait on their deliveries of 40 modern Marder IFVs if Germany chooses to send them to Ukraine instead! - reporting by @BILD.
I think "obsession" isn't strong enough. I think there is no underlying belief in an objective reality at all. Nothing is just true or not true, and winning and losing are just opinions, man. So if we show pictures of our side wining then our side is in fact winning.
I (and hopefully you) can see how this logic builds essentially giant Ponzi schemes out of reality — a house of cards, if you will — and will inevitably, let's see how to put this... will fail to adequately provide a good tool for predicting the future. They will eventually no longer be "winning" because there is nothing left and they have lost everything. But even then they might convince themselves they are winning still, like the Black Knight in Monty Python.
I don't even think delusion is strong enough. But however you describe it I'm talking about a worldview that's really, really, really broken. A national personality disorder.