If it was a normal sighting laser that was used as an improvised weapon, then the action was not illegal.
If it was a laser specifically designed to be used as a weapon in order to blind or inhibit the vision of enemies; 100% Illegal.
So, unless we know what kind of laser is was, and what it's designed purpose was, we can't classify it as a war crime...yet.
There are tons of lasers on use with weapons all the time and all over the place. Inevitably one of them is going to end up in the eyes of an enemy combatant, either accidentally or intentionally as a "last resort try to blind them to save my life" situation. Shit happens.
Yes, it’s a war crime to blind somebody even if it’s your “last resort”. There’s a whole review board that the military has to oversee any use of a laser. The reason is because of the Geneva conventions which make it a war crime to maim an enemy with a laser.
But laser weapons that are designed with the express purpose of targeting the eyes of enemies and causing blindness or damaging the eyes are illegal.
"Blinding" and "causing permanent blindness" are two distinct things. I can "blind" someone by shining a flashlight into their face, or throwing dirt at them. Neither of those are war crimes.
Now, is what the Chinese did a war crime? We don't know. Unless we find out that they used a laser weapon that was designed to cause blindness, or that their goal was to blind the Filipinos, we won't know, since they are going to admit anything. Until we learn more, it's just a shitty act of aggression.
If it can cause blindness you don’t take reasonable precautions to prevent that, it is a war crime. If you purposely use a last to blind an adversary as in your previous comment, it is a war crime.
It is not like a laser pointer magically becomes military grade just because a member of the military uses one for a PowerPoint presentations.
Funnily enough, if you buy commercially available laser points from aliexpress, ie China, they rarely conform to the 5mW limit and many can in fact blind you. One I saw tested would even cause immediate eye damage just by pointing it at a wall.
Lasers don't need to be very strong to damage your eyes. There are plenty of strong layers that can be bought for civilian purposes.