If the civil war. In one instance they set up checkpoints and checked IDs (which specifies religion), if you weren’t Christian you got executed on the spot (men, women and children). Hundreds were murdered in a couple of days.
They have some blame. But in all truth those areas were pretty impossible to separate ethnically it got very mixed up under Ottoman rule where any sort of desent was brutally crushed and the rule with an iron fist. But indeed the new borders created enemies and allowed them to fight one another under the guise of nationalism. Prior there were tribal skirmishes.
This should be big news, the second Lebanese civil war is about to happen soon, as the article states, similarities between what caused the first civil war is occurring. United Nations about to learn they need Interim Force in Lebanon before the second one occurs as it could be even worse and longer.
Thank you Great Britain and France for the excellent idea of breaking the middle east into many different countries for cheap oil, it truly worked out in the end didn't it forming a warzone that no allied power can truly control.
Nope, you can't just ignore the fact the ottoman ruled for a long time say 600 years of harsh ruling, enough to make middle eastern people believe they could form a different united government in the entire middle east, could be democratic or a dictatorship who knows but that dream was killed when the brits and france decided rather than that form a bunch of different countries and hope for the best for the middle east without knowing actions have consequences.
The tribal elements were always very strong in the ME (still are) so each group was given something so they will be pleased (otherwise it would have been absolute chaos and massacres). Some were drawn using historical or natural borders. After the Brits left indeed countries started to attempt annexation of other countries all around. And there was plenty of backstabbings.
This is just silly. The Brits while around tried between ww1 to ww2 but were unwelcome and revolted against. So on the 1 hand accusing them of colonisation then blame them because they left? (While installing new governments and supporting them) It's a lose/lose situation. Sure it resulted in chaos but i don't see any other possible scenario where it wouldn't have considering the elements involved at the time.
Agreed that at the time oil was beginning to take a more significant place in people's lives and greed for the substance became a substantial driving force which these western countries are complicit with as are the rulers making fortunes but keeping people poor and uneducated.
To suggest that local inhabitants of the ME have no agency and blaming a 3rd party is just ludicrous at this point in a place where ethnic/tribal/sectarian tensions is just another Tuesday.
Of course, I wasn't you know defending the ottomans, they are pure evil, caused many genocides including the famous armenian genocide because they thought they were going to secede and decided just to slaughter them, which worked out in the end as they fell. I was saying , the allied could have helped make a new 1 unified government system based on how the tribal system was, I don't much of it as I wasn't raised in the middle east but in america as a middle eastern from lebanon that I never hope to step in that country as I rather abandon my culture and traditions. Like the allied could have done so much more to the middle east but they just decided to seperate it into smaller countries just for oils and greed and hope for the best.
And everyone hated their Ottoman overlords and sided with the Brits. In the middle east strong families and tribes gained control.