In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Besides his base think most other Republicans are‘t real Republicans and are simply Rhino’s. They don’t like them so turning against them is pretty easy for them.
Got to Love this guy. Grabbing an Aisle seat. Republicans should be so proud of themselves. Just when you think they can't possibly go any lower they just keep finding a new bottom to sink too.
For any Republican decrying Santos I just find that these same people who supported Trump to be simply ludicrous.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I’m sure trump has more power and more connections to make things go wrong for a person if they defied him.
How can you possibly denounce Santos when you were so supportive of Trump and over his lifetime Trump has done much worse than this guy will ever do. But now for some reason you have no problem calling Santos a fraud. I guess they also completely forgot about Herschel Walker.
I can assure you also behind closed doors Republicans don't like Santos being in the news everyday with a new scandal. If Republicans in the House had a larger majority, Santos would had been kicked out already. It's only because McCarthy barely got enough votes to be speaker and needs every Republican now. You understand and can see that right?
His power originates and mainly comes from his base. Those just also happen to be the voters most active during the Republican primaries. Go against his base and there’s an extremely good chance you would get primaried.
God, Santos is such a child. He's 100% getting nailed with criminal charges. Saw yesterday that there were 20 dinners he went to, and the cost was $199.99. 200 dollars is the threshold for reporting. Seems like the same as 10 grand structuring laws banks use. I honestly don't get him. Maybe someone's paying him in a shell account to be as disruptive as possible to gauge how far the GOP is willing to look the other way.