"trained in 1994 in a militant camp in Khost for seven months and then to the Khaldan Training camp for two months, or that he had been imprisoned in Pakistan for two years — 1995-96 — or that in 1997, he met Osama bin Laden and became a travel facilitator for Al Qaeda. According to his file, he worked directly for Al Qaeda operational planner, Khalid Sheikh Mohammad.".
They were terrorists long before even 9/11. Gitmo sucks but everyone in this thread acting like that means these two arent absolute pieces of shit is just ignorance.
Do you really see no problem with the goverment circumventing our constitution just to achieve their ends? Imagine being okay with our goverment locking people away without ever giving them a fair trial. If they were as guilty as you said they were, then they should have been brought before the courts and let our system do its job.
There is no real international law to protect the rest of the world so it's basically the strong do what they want and the weak endure what they must.
Again you're right but remember, when the strong push too much and take too much, eventually the weak will fight back just how history goes.
You're very much right. technically they were within their right but I can tell you this scared a lot of Americans to see their govermernt behaving this way and it brought up a lot of issues. On the other hand, a lot of Americans saw nothing wrong with it so long as it protected their freedom so it's pretty messed up.
It's what the entire conversation round the Guantanamo detainees has been about. The government of the time found a legal framework they could do things like this and in the post 9/11 era, not many Americans had an issue with it. This was the period where was one of the most popular shows out there and found a reason to torture someone for information almost every episode.
A few years later, we saw Abu Gharib and quite a few Americans had a rethink about whether it was actually something they wanted the state doing in their name (plenty of others of course still thought it was fine).
None of which is exactly new - it's a scale which has slid back and forth over the years - things like the treatment of Japanese citizens during WW2, Mcarthiasm and the horror show various South American and Asian strongmen have done with American blessings and often assistance versus the push back against that when US citizens have found out what is being done on their behalf.
As things stand today, the US doesnt do these things to countries which are strong enough to be able to do much about it, so it comes down to Americans deciding whether or not they will push back against the worse tendencies of their leaders.