Racism in Peru is as old as the country yet people like him can become president. I don’t agree with the article as it turn the attention to “race”, typical view for an American audience. Cry injustice and race, what about the crimes?? Did he commit these as an act of revenge and to get glance at a society that judged him for being of poor origins?? No, he granted contract with millions of dollars on paybacks, he hired immediate family in high government posts, collided with known terrorist, individuals who were sentenced and wanted by the law way before he started his term. The article is missing the fact that he was not a graduated teacher but someone who adopted teaching and use it to be part of its leftist faction .
I didnt even know he used to be poor, but when he couldnt read during nation adresses and do math properly ON LIVE TV even while being candidate i lost all respect for him.
Later in his term he ditched the hat and poncho and wore suit and tie. The main reason of the multiple chafes of secretaries was due to the fact that these also committed crimes and needed to leave their post because of the multiple accusations of corruption most of those proven. Castillo also removed the judicial head and replaced with a favorite of his. Now tell me Mr OP why someone that is painted as poor, ignorant and uneducated pull this off? And make many of his immediate family and friends millionaires in less than 17 months? How did he pull it off? He is in jail but his family is not they will enjoy the riches he got to steal.. don’t make mistakes there is intelligence for these things they just don’t happen and people like Castillo not only make use of it but abuse and manipulate the ones he represents. The poor the uneducated the hopeful. There is no major sim than to use the ones that I need were like we us and to then steal and in 17 months do nothing for them. Did I mention that his poor home on his home town is now a mansion and even an airport was built next to it taking land from Andean farmers all to demonstrate his new riches?? Don’t play race on Peru society or politics that is an American problem although deep Peruvian don’t attack one another for the color of their skin or have try to shoot or discriminate by violence or by simply negligence like the US does. Just look at the poorest cities in America they are mostly populated by African Americans. Is that a coincidence??? .