As a Canadian (I can only speak to my experience within Canada), I would definitely say there is no consensus - here's what I would offer: most Canadians are onboard with the abstract concept of (they would vocally/superficially support it ; ps: this is how we refer to the effort to help reconcile with Canada's past and heal the ongoing colonization-wounds on indigenous peoples) - however when it comes to the practical application of truth & reconciliation, there's a lot more dissent. Like with all movements in democracies, the aesthetics and language around the movement develops far ahead of any real action. Canadians disagree/don't understand about how much sovereignty the (still-binding) Treaties describe for indigenous peoples - and often how Canada has broken those treaties - so beyond "I want to help heal the wounds on the indigenous" there are a lot of opinions on the "how". Generally-speaking, material reconciliation will take huge investments in communities often outside of the high-voter metropol areas (aka. politicians don't see many votes from actually doing anything - they just need to say that they will) - and this kind of social investment has a lot of overlap with housing issues/affordability issues/drug/healthcare-access issues/mental healthcare issues/etc. T&R evidently is a far more complex issue than one which can be solved with a one-time payout - which makes some Canadians unsure as to how much they should push. Further, since (on the public media stage) there is little unified indigenous representation in leadership (that is widely publicized), it often becomes settler politicians talking about what indigenous people need - which makes indigenous issues seem like a kind of abstract talking point instead of a real day-to-day concern for most Canadians (eg. like gas/food affordability). I know indigenous people from my time in Northern ON (where I plan to live), but many many metropolitan people do not know any at all. This is sad because the Treaties clearly show the failings of the government - but the indigenous are forced into a position of appealing to the public to try and get the (crown-signed) agreements fulfilled - which is also why the indigenous seem to be leaning into the Court processes (bc i.m.o the broader Canadian electorate does care - but not enough to make indigenous issues center-stage and force open the money-dams).
I know reading the article isn’t cool around these parts but Ontario is stating that the First Nations should be going after the Canadian federal government, not them.
If you’re in the states, this would be like Texas telling someone that’s suing the state to sue the country instead.