I no longer work in international development but the fact is that no matter where this happens, it's always the girls that are completely fucked.
Get young men out of precarious situations? Like being forced into the military or into farming work, great, they go to work and end up doing pretty well for themselves.
Get a young woman out of a precarious situation? Like a forced or child marriage or sex trafficking? She's now completely screwed because no one will marry her or help take care of her but she doesn't have any skills or any ability to work within the job market other than being forced back into another marriage or sex work.
We have to do better by young women in these situations. Just as an example, we used to partner with another fairly clueless organization that provided by bicycles to girls in rural areas to get to and from school because that was their major barrier. The boys either already had bikes or had access to motorized vehicles of some sort, or even more schools close enough to walk to. That wasn't enough. The families were so crushingly poor that they couldn't be seen as providing anything "extra" to something as "useless" as a girls education so they sold the bikes to buy food or necessities. Or, in the saddest cases, they just gave the bikes to the boys even though they didn't "need" them, It was just a cultural expectation that the boys received whatever they wanted that the parents could provide.
Some of the solutions are pretty accessible but not popular for cultural or social reasons. Creating opportunities for women isn't impossible, we've done it throughout history and are still doing it today.
I know this is a bit of an overgeneralization of course but these "rescues" are often anything but. These girls don't have parents who are waiting with open arms to welcome them back to a home and resources to support them.
You cannot create cultural revolution from outside, the society needs to mature to it. It's the same as trying to force a regime change in a country, you end up with even worse regime.