In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I still suspect the idea behind this shit is desensitize the public to false claims, then cheat their asses off and when the Dems try to fight it, they point back at how none of the fraud claims were true, even though it was the GOP doing it the whole time.
The GOP is just waiting for SCOTUS to endorse the independent state legislature theory, then they can ignore any results they don’t like (citing nonexistent Democratic cheating) as the justification.
The movement behind this wants to convene a Constitutional Convention, and one of the items on the agenda would be repealing the 17th Amendment: the right to vote for the Senate. So the gerrymandered state legislature would gerrymander the states Congressional districts and appoint the states Senators.
The Koch/Republican is over state legislatures the : of regions , voters, ^ voting stations in areas, voting rolls, preventing , engaging in , enacting nebulous , as well as and laws, often targeting minorities with . And finally the to make their control permanent and legal.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Yeah but if the GOP cheats to win, they'll find ways to suppress the challenge. Again this is just my personal conspiracy theory, but it really looks like this is how they want to take over. There's no question the GOP wants to be in charge and make elections pointless.
All of this is being carried out under the accusation that other people are committing voter fraud, which courts have dismissed as and .
Should they manage to lose elections in spite of all these efforts they using before the changeover to the new government, strip Governors of power, and reassign legislative authority; some become and and start advocating , others brazenly what they are and simply anyone else has authority to hold office considering those who don't vote for them to be "". A Heritage Foundation fellow addressing the Council for National Policy that Republican Party results would be hampered by Voting Rights protections and non-partisan districting. In states they no longer have a majority they simply resort to and bizarre ideas like are contemplated.
On the other hand in North Carolina despite having gerrymandered a majority in the legislature and congressional districts they have bizarrely insisted on engaging in unnecessary , while in Florida they have bogus to confuse voters. Enough does not seem to be enough.