In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Suing social media companies for the actions of its users seems wrong unless there's proof the company knew the users were doing harmful things and did nothing to stop it.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
But suing social media companies for recommending dangerous things to its users? That makes complete sense.
I agree but the one case about allowing terror groups to operate on their sites seems viable. The issue is that there are new terrorism groups forming daily, so how would the social media sites keep up with them.
But, allowing a foreign country to buy up massive advertising during a presidential election campaign seems like it should be illegal. I would think that the social media companies would have to complete some kind of legal document. If you bring a suspicious amount of cash into a bank, the teller has to fill out a CTR(currency transaction report). Why shouldn’t the tech companies be held to the same standard?
This is definitely a job for the Senate and they certainly have room to update the laws with the changing tech landscape.
Furthermore, no politician should be allowed to use social media to advocate for treasonous conspiracies.
And foreign countries definitely shouldn't have any kind of influence on elections. But in order to enforce this, laws requiring the all financing received by political parties to be transparent would need to be passed. If I remember correctly, such a law was proposed a few months ago but was shut down by the Republicans.