I can’t believe it. And yet, I can. Watching this cycle is like watching my 90 year old grandmother try to feed herself. She just keeps choking on heaping spoonfuls of shit. I’m a lifelong democrat, but frankly they deserve to lose. I think it’s because leadership is so bloody old and entrenched. I get that there’s money involved and you need it to get elected, but I seriously wonder when Pelosi filled up her own tank of gas or bought her own groceries. I kept waiting for them to tell us help was coming on inflation, on energy, even if it was just that they are on our side and feel our pain too. But they don’t do average people things, they don’t talk about average people problems, they depend on Republicans to fire up some culture war bullshit that the vast majority of Americans take zero issue with. Sure Homophobe Uncle Barry says some crazy shit but most people haven’t even questioned gay marriage since the 90’s. They have not identified a single convincing economic talking point. Not supplier side economics, not corporate tax brackets, not a billionaire tax… Republicans have so many corporations looking over their backs, and democrats have done nothing to make their case to them. Instead, they’re fucking around with a hyper-conservative Saudi Prince who has literally never been their friend, nobody is pointing out the obvious flaws in GOP campaign rhetoric on any medium that matters. I’m on their side, they got a cart blanch voting ballot from me, but I couldn’t tell you why. Why would Fetterman take a debate if he and his people knew he couldn’t really hang? He could only lose. Why is nobody taking out ugly and personal attack ads on Walker? He’s an ugly person and people deserve to know. Another special council for Trump. Probably a moderate Republican who will respect some informal code of conduct that a partisan set in the first place to protect their guy. Democrats, who always believe in peoples’ intellect, who bring a fluffy pillow to a bazooka fight. They deserve to lose if they can’t figure this shit out.
In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I keep seeing NE02 in these articles and they point to how close races have been in the past. However NE02 has been redrawn to include a lot of rural areas that should not be part of the district. My guess is that because of gerrymandering the Republican incumbent wins by 6 points.