Here's a free life lesson: When somebody calls something 'violence', and it clearly isn't violence, they're trying to rationalise a violent response to it.
The power structure of today’s world are absolutely stacked against some while being empowering for others, the solution to that is to invest positively in better outcomes for the disadvantaged.
What’s ridiculous, confusing, and violently ideological is to call anything happening in Cananda today “settler colonialism”. The greatest irony being that only the descendants of empowered settler colonists have this perspective.
Central America and Caribbean nations are ongoing victims of “settler colonial” structures, not Canandians. Stop appropriating violent terms to drive clicks for your cause.
As far as I know, settler colonialism is a perfectly valid term to describe a country like Canada but also the USA and Australia. The country was colonised and flooded with immigrants who now make up the majority population and control most institutions, with those institutions being modeled on European thinking and not indigenous thinking.
I am not super familiar with Canada, but isn't there a bunch of stuff like treaties being violated for the sake of oil and police violence against indigenous people?
With whatever leads to a dignified living standard for everyone regardless of their background. The devil is always in the details and that’s not what this thread is about.
What do you base this of? In Australia (where I live) I mainly see more indigenous people using that term, so I'd assume something similar in Canada.
I agree that a significant degree of political change has happened since then. But considering the term "settler colonialism" came about in the 1990s, I think it's fair to see why people apply it as an ongoing label to describe all the situations around land rights, health disparities and the bleak situations in many indigenous communities.
By this I mean how Canada, the USA and Australia have institutions that found their beginnings in Enlightenment thinking. Stuff like separation of powers, parliaments and connections to the British monarchy (in Aus and Canada's cases), representative democracy, capitalism and so on. This is contrast to the systems of governments set up by indigenous people which tended to be more in line with what we would now call socialism (although that's a whole can of worms).
I'm not super familiar with it but wasn't this the cause of the whole drama around those protests in BC about the oil pipeline? Not to mention older political incidents like the Oka Crisis.
In 1850, not 2022. Which government is forcibly removing people from land just to gift it to new arrivals from Britain? Their history was as settler colonies, now they are democracies.
This sounds like the “noble savage” myth. The tribal sociologies of Amerindians are quite similar to those you find in Eurasia among semi-nomadic and herding societies. Human beings are much more similar than they are different. We can all champion institutions that are centered on human rights.
You are correct. I confused this for the concept of "settler colonial studies" which I looked up between our exchanges. I made a mistake.
What does that mean? What is an “indigenous” thought? Canadians born in Canada today are now native Canadians. Which specific institutions are “European” thought?
So did the Mongols, Celts, Alemanni, Suebi, Slavs, Assyrians, Medians, Turks, Arabs, Magyars and countless other Eurasian peoples that never operated in a feudal system until they adopted it from the realms of the former Roman Empire.
But I do agree that the struggle for human rights and democracy can emerge in any culture and among any group of people.
I don't agree with this. For one thing, I don't think indigenous people are uniquely perfect. But indigenous people in the Americas built cities and towns and had agriculture. Although I was incorrect to paint a broad brush that all of them followed socialism when I was mainly thinking of the Haudenosaunee.