In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Our governor is a tool...... he is trying to restrict abortion also.... this will be his down fall..... we fought hard a fuck to not mandate seatbelts and helmets so actually messing with medical decisions won't fly.
The Republican governor of North Carolina tried to band transgender people from using the restrooms they should be using. He got voted out because of that. For some reason people seem to think transgender is some new thing. These gender market changes have been around since the 1970’s. Also as far as we know transgender people have been playing sports since the 1970’s. Probably even before then. Not everyone transitions and tells everyone. Transgender surgeries started in the 1920’s. Now because some maga moron has no platform they want to try attacking transgender people because most people don’t know anything about them or their history. They take advantage of ignorant people. We had some guys at my work that are Hindu Indian, they went to a strip bar and got ran because a bunch of maga morons were afraid of them because they “are Muslims” Get ‘em! They were not Muslim and who cares if they are.
Because our state motto is Live Free of Die...... I personally was to young to even vote when this happened..... but I understand why, personally I don't think it's any governments right to restrict what a legal adult does with themselves...... especially when these things would only hurt the person who made the decision to not buckle up of wear a helmet........
Yea.... it's ridiculous to assume this is a new thing.... maybe new to being talked about openly (again because ancient and some older societies were perfectly okay with these things) it's a crap feeling growing up and having to be like well shit I guess our generation isn't changing shit.... better hope we learn someday.
This is pure eliminationism Republicans are literally trying to eradicate trans people from being able to exist Republicans would rather have a dead kid than a trans kid. Republicans are worse than the Westboro Baptist Church.
You don't have to agree that's the power of free choice! And that's something people in NH are big on.