In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I also think that anyone running for president should successfully complete a battery of tests that, on the fast track, take a couple years to complete.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It shouldn't have taken any time at all. If you are not willing to make your tax returns public you should not qualify to run for president.
If you said just anyone can become a brain surgeon I would never get brain surgery. If you said that just anyone can build a bridge I would not be driving over any bodies of water or canyons anytime soon. If you could become an attorney if you just want it enough I would never pay a dime in attorney's fees. If the only thing it took to become a mechanic was to have pluck and true grit you can stay there and I'll try to figure out what's going on with my car amongst me and my friends.
What are the stakes if I invest my money in a company that gets run into the ground by an incompetent fool? I lose my money. Obviously nobody wants that outcome. But, fortunes have been lost and rebuilt and then lost again and rebuilt again.
It is not some aspirational role. It is the job of the civilian commander in chief of the military. It is the role that is able to draft and sign treaties on behalf of the entire nation. It is the job of managing the entire executive branch of the federal government of our nation. There is no reason whatsoever that we have to accept anything less than the absolute best for that office.
Why in the fuck would we ever let anyone near that office who has not demonstrated beyond a reasonable doubt that they are one of the most competent and ethical people in the world?
If I was choosing which company to invest in and while doing my research found out about a company that had an exciting new product or service or way of doing business that I wanted to support but their CEO was an incompetent fool I would hold off for a while to see whether that fool would sink the ship before putting my money into it.
What are the stakes if an incompetent person is allowed to occupy the highest office of leadership of a country whose military is the linchpin of the entire geostrategy around the globe, whose 20+ trillion dollar annual GDP is a keystone in the global economy, who is an 800 lb. gorilla in the global political arena, whose nuclear arsenal is almost unmatched in its scale and the number of ways that the nuclear ordinance can be delivered?
Shareholders of Fortune 500 companies would expect nothing less from the board when they were choosing executive officers. Because the shareholders of Fortune 500 company stocks would stand to lose thousands if not millions (maybe billions) of dollars.