Right? Why are we pretending like anyone is doing anything TO Russia? Everything that has transpired and will transpire in the future, Russia did to itself.
The fear is more that the collapse of Russia might bring instability to the region. A partition of the territory (if not political but de facto) would see local armed conflicts. The emergence of private military groups in Russia is a step in this direction. Warlords fighting each other for control over those regions represent a high risk for the nukes they have. The risk is not really of them using it (i don't think those warlords would be able to have control of both the nukes and the means to send them), but more the risk of them selling it to anyone.
For those who aren’t keeping track, in addition to Wagner, the largest PMC with tens of thousands of mercs, there’s at least two other smaller mercenary groups confirmed to operate there, consisting of a mix of Russians, Syrians and Ossetians, allegedly on the payroll of a Russian minister and one of the oligarch-run megacorps. Furthermore the Russian Orthodox Church is believed to be funding a two thousand man volunteer force, the ROVS (basically the descendants of Civil War veterans who didn’t return to Russia after 1991) operate a foreign volunteer force associated with Igor Girkin, and Dimitry Rogozin is believed to operate an imperialist volunteer corps hoping to use the conquest of Ukraine as a springboard for the restoration of the Russian Empire.
There’s also three forces that are technically part of the Russian Army but are practically independent warlord forces. The Donetsk and Luhansk People’s militias are the two first, consisting primarily of the force conscripted local men and women of East Ukraine, bolstered by some remaining Russian mercs and cossacks from the various Russian cossack hosts, primarily the Don Host, who are greatly enjoying this chance to partake in raiding the lands, properties and women of their centuries old rivals in the Zaporizhye Cossack Host. Finally there’s the Chechens, who are essentially the private army of Ramzan Kadyrov, the warlord of Chechnya-Ichkeria. These guys are generally too valuable to risk in battle since they are keeping the Caucasus from exploding in Russia’s face again, and so they get the best equipment and plum positions well behind the front lines, where they do propaganda, shoot deserters and beat up units retreating without permission. On the rare occasions some are captured (usually during Ukrainian counteroffensives), the Russians will usually immediately trade Ukrainian prisoners for them, sometimes at a rate of three Ukrainians for each Chechen.
Now, all of these groups operate with varying degrees of independence from Russian central command, though they can’t deviate too much from what the Army wants since they still share the Army supply lines. Just look at how when Wagner stopped attacking Bakhmut and instead threw themselves into moderately to very successful offensives north of the city, like capturing Soledar. They were promptly punished for acting out of line by having ammunition supplies mysteriously be redirected and being disallowed from recruiting prisoners anymore. Competition is still fierce though, and many believe it was one of the rival mercenary groups that leaked the location of Dimitry Rogozin’s birthday party to the Ukrainians, which as you may remember resulted in him getting a rear end full of shrapnel. It will be interesting to see if the Russian state monopoly on violence degrades further in coming years, nobody seems to care PMCs are illegal in Russia.
Haha, I actually applied for a job as that with a certain agency years ago, about a year out of college, but they wouldn’t take me because my mother was a foreign citizen. I’m actually just a high school teacher and historian now. I just happen to know a bit of Russian and have followed this conflict decently closely since 2013, as well as some related events like Savchenko Incident.
Perun transitioning from a gaming channel to one of the most notable commentators on the Ukrainian war was not on my 2022/2023 bingo card, I’ll admit.
As someone who watched his content before it blew up it makes sense in hindsight but still very unexpected.
Sadly I don’t really have the time or money to invest in good editing. I have been considering starting a historical podcast after many requests at the museum I used to work at, but that would have to be a side project once I am more financially stable.
Then I’d be more inclined to do a Substack, so the information is still available for free for those who can’t or won’t donate. I am a teacher, I am not sure how I would feel about having to segment off content or input for Patreon rewards. But yes, I agree Youtube could use a bit more spice in its "apolitical politics" space. On the one end of the spectrum you have flashy infographics shows like Kurzgesa that are corporatized, simplified and sanitized to the point where your average middle schooler could follow along easily, while on the other end of the spectrum you have channels like Perun that do three hour powerpoint presentations on Russian logistics attainment from 1997 to the present day. Highly recommend that channel if you are interested in the military side of the Ukraine War by the way. In any case, some more middle of the road content on a high school to college undergrad level might fill a niche. We’ve seen a lot of history channels fill a similar space the last five years, like Voices of the Past.
Well, some of them at least, some find my tests confusing and difficult because I give them too few multiple choice questions versus reflection questions. But I’m proud to report I’ve never had to give an F.
Eh, I don’t mind. I am happy with teaching and research, I would probably have been terribly bored looking at statistics and matrices all day trying to model assumptions of unwelcome actors.
Yes, fair points, I am aware of this rivalry, I just didn’t bring it up here because my comment was long enough as it is, haha! Personally I am still leaning to the prisoner thing being a specific reaction to Soledar (as with mobilization the Russian Army isn’t that desperate for manpower anymore), but it might of course still be an expression of the larger powerstruggle between the Siloviki and the Prigozhin/Kadyrovtsi cliques.
It also works uniquely well for Russia, as they’ve mostly given up on the pretenses that make prison units useless for Western units — discipline, for example, is basically a non-factor at this point given that morale is reportedly in the shitter, so that’s not really an issue. War crimes are already being committed, and reportedly some are authorized by their upper command, so that’s also a non-issue. Training? What training?
So they’re able to use prison units to their maximum advantage without most of the downsides, I would think. Not really a good position to be in, but were I a Russian general I suppose the logic would check out.
Yes, the militias are extremely exhausted (especially the LPR one) and are mostly used for garrisoning now. They are usually easily recognized by their haphazard collection of old Soviet gear (and I mean old, bolt action rifles and 1950’s helmets old), looted Ukrainian stuff and whatever modern kit the Russian Army is giving them when filming a propaganda piece. I think the last significant operation they took part in was carrying out the sham referendum in the occupied territories. Still, there should still be a few thousand running around of each, so I felt I had to mention them if I’m also mentioning the other small volunteer and mercenary units.
At that point you’re starting to get into the psychology of the social contract and indoctrination. When you examine it closely there’s a surprising amount of buy-in required by the military to democratic ideals within western countries — that is, many institutions, including the military, work in large part because we, the public, as well as the people running the whole thing, collectively decide they do.
I am aware of Patriot, they were the PMC on the payroll of a minister I mentioned, I just didn’t want to get into Shoigu specifically because it would mean having to include his whole tense relationship with Wagner. Similar reason I didn’t get into Vuhledar, especially since what happened there isn’t fully clear yet. In terms of Bakhmut I understand why you disagree, but I don’t trust the Wagner Telegrams insisting they are still leading the charge in the Bakhmut zone. Ukrainian sources report fewer and fewer Wagner units present and for the first time in the war some of their units have been spottted at the R&R zones in Belarus and Belgorod. Furthermore almost all footage we have seen recently has been from the Soledar area. I suspect heavy casualties and competition fron Gerasimov and Shoigu has led to the Wagner units not immediately needed around Soledar being withdrawn for recuperation while the Army takes a crack at Bakhmut ahead of the anniversary the 24th. Would hardly do for the Russian media to have a Wagner unit raise the flag on city hall.
Biggest issue for Russia in regards to its nukes isn’t theft I think, but rather the tritium in the warheads. It’s the spark plugs that ignite the fuel once the initial fusion blast provides the charge, so to speak. I can’t remember the half life of tritium off the top of my head, but I think it is like 11 years or something like that? Of course you can replace it with freshly refined tritium from a reactor, but most Soviet reactors that could do that are no longer within Russian borders, oe have shut down. I do not know how many still are usable. I think there’s one near Chelyabinsk? Regardless, I have a strong suspicion Russia’s functional nuclear arsenal is considerably smaller than the thousands of warheads they have on paper. I wouldn’t be shocked if it is in the low four digit or even the three digit range.