I don’t necessarily think we’ll see more (not sure why you think that) but there will certainly be more stories like this as population grows and backcountry sports become more popular. Unfortunately a lot of people overestimate their ability//knowledge and hnderestimate how dangerous the backcountry can be.
"Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not highminded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy; that they do good, that they be rich in good works, ready to distribute, willing to communicate; laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.".
I learned the hard way, I bike all the time. I got invited to go mountain biking for the first time and it was a “tough” 8km trail.
“I walk two miles around my sidewalked neighborhood a few times a week, and it only takes me 45 minutes So fifteen miles of hiking backcountry in a day is totally doable I have all day!”.
The 8 kilometres of mountain biking took over 6 hours, almost got hypothermia, My legs seized, we had to start a fire and drink stream water to survive lol. It’s not funny, probably closest I’ve come to dying.
Thought I was reading a post from /r/WhatCouldGoWrong for a second. Maybe rich people should stop hanging around snowy mountains and start helping us to salvage a future on this mess we call a planet? They can start by reading what the Bible says about sharing your wealth (and properly paying taxes). And I mean the real Bible (KJV), not the corrupted crusades, pope, kiddy molesting Catholic Bible.
"And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.".
"Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are motheaten. Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days.".
George Carlin has a right to be mad with catholics, the pope, and the vatican. For Satan manipulated them into doing the Spanish Crusades and child molesting. True Disciples of Jesus will never allow, and has never allowed, these things to happen.
Well, Satan, I'm trying to propose solutions, while it seems you are only trying to propose problems. This is called whining in modern day. Complaining. This is what children do. Not adults. For it is written:
What most people hear about The Way has often been through so many impure nodes, it is corrupted. Nodes like a human mind, a computer screen, a book, a movie, a text message, a culture. All these mediums add noise to a signal. The signal being God.
Every "religion" is a detection of God by different cultures, who use different words, to describe the same thing.
“Do all things without complaining and disputing, that you may become blameless and harmless, people of God without fault in the midst of a crooked and perverse generation, among whom you shine as lights in the world, holding fast the word of life, so that I may rejoice in the day of Christ that I have not run in vain or labored in vain.”.
Everyone up in here screaming "blashpemey" and "Holy High Horse" when I say I am a messenger from God, totally forgetting that God is everyone and everyone can choose to be a messenger from God if they wish. Nothing arrogent about that. Also, if you feel pain from people like me, it's because we're shining a light on something inside you you dont want to be seen. You can address the pain one of two ways: a) crucify jesus b) clean yourself.
If we're speaking in English, the best chance you have at communicating God is by Jesus. Trying to access God through other languages and cultures adds a lot of noise and misinterpritation. Satan is basically sending you for a loop. A run around.