In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
>The spreadsheet is titled “WFF ED Coalition Timeline,” which stands for Walton Family Foundation Education Coalition Timeline, according to a source who participated in the meetings.
R's have a lot of hot air going about their boogeyman George Soros, but there actually are receipts about the Koch bros and Walton's doing what they fantasize is done to them.
Partially true, but profit outweighs a racists ideology. Of course they will segregate, but that’s because a school that is strictly white will bring more profit unfortunately. It’s all stagnant and muddied though. True talent comes from diversity and experience, being challenged in life has real teaching.
Presidents Clinton, Reagan, Carter, Ford, Nixon, Johnson, Eisenhower, and Truman all graduated from public high schools.
They'll be stripping the public schools of all the money eventually, and the public school kids will be left out of their Christian nationalist schools.
So, while Oklahoma is experiencing one of the worst teacher shortages in the country, Republicans in Oklahoma are going to siphon off more money from the already underfunded schools to a system with no accountability measures.
The Republicans in Oklahoma only want to bring forth Christian madrasas to Oklahoma. They want a Christian nationalist education system in Oklahoma, where the rest of the kids will be sent off to the factories to work.
Typical Oklahoma This is pathetic beyond the pale Oklahoma is already dead last in education, and yet, Republicans want to only make our education levels worse!
A 3rd world country at this rate will outdo Oklahoma in education. If this continues, get ready to have all the teachers leave to Colorado, Oklahoma!
It's an astroturfed movement trying to eradicate public school, using false pretenses behind it. They in the end only want to bring forth Christian nationalism in schools. Check my previous comments on that. It's scary.
Yes. That's really it. those meet at the flag pole things were scary to me, growing up in the Bible Belt. Everyone knew who wasn't there, and they tried to make those kids' lives hell for it. It's scary Christian nationalist shit.
It is discrimination. The only private schools that will exist will be Christian madrasas, and they will kick out the kids who are poor, have disabilities, and aren't Christian.