In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
>Texas Rep.-elect Ellen Troxclair, a Republican who will represent House District 19, filed three pieces of legislation so far, including House Bill 553. That proposal reads, “Notwithstanding any other law, a political subdivision may not adopt or enforce an ordinance, order, or other measure providing for a universal basic income.”.
The right and the libertarians seem to be directly anti-Society. I once heard one of them claim that they wouldn't call someone out for a racial slur because they're "not responsible for other people's speech".
They live in such small individualist bubbles that I fear, taken to the extreme, one of them might argue that we shouldn't stop murderers because they're not responsible for other people's actions.
It's just an insane free-for-all with the rules being determined by the whims of fascists. They seem to want the entire world to devolve into a Mad Max or the Purge situation.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Then why not allow the red states to try to make it on their own without the help of the fed until they request to return to the fold? Seems that it makes them view the government as less oppressive, and would help them understand why they need the federal government and make them less likely to try again.
Saw this recently:”Libertarians are like house cats, thinking they’re independent, but totally relying on a system they don’t understand”. We live in the United States, not separate little countries, although that is what the red states would have everyone believe, even though red states receive more from the fed than blue states, have higher crime rates, lower education results, higher mortality rates and on snd on.
For me, it isn’t about making them suffer, I’m sure there are a lot of good people who just happen to live in those states that cannot afford to leave.
I've never understood psychology enough to understand why the lack of population density tends to convert an area red. It almost seems like the less human interaction one has, the more conservative those people get.
The GOP tends to have open contempt for all cities. Maybe they're trying to destroy the city to force people to become rural and spread out... What that'll accomplish? I don't know.
But it's not just my mom. I've noticed that many of the Asian communities around here don't even like other Asian communities. For instance, the Thai people here do not like Filipinos, Koreans, or Chinese. Like, they interact with each other and then behind closed doors, talk shit about each other and say not to trust the other Asian groups.
I don't really get it. I just thought Asian people were more racist than white people but get away with it because they're minorities.
I don't think I can learn my mother's native tongue even if I wanted to. Thai is a very tonal language, and I don't know what's wrong with my brain but it's wired to be tone deaf to the point that I have no appreciation for music.
What really surprises me is the double standards as well. For instance, in my family the boys were encouraged to date or marry other Thai women, but my sisters were all encouraged to only date white guys and to stay away from Thai men. Personally I'm not all that attracted to Asian women. They remind me of my mother, whom I don't get along with. So she and I have never really seen eye to eye in my dating history.
The local racism does get very tiring though. I lived with a black roommate for 7 years. She's one of my closest friends. My ex was black-Japanese. And my mother would embarrass me every time with the "I don't want monkey grandchildren" line anytime I brought anyone even vaguely brown home... to the point I stopped bringing people to meet her.
Honestly, depending on how they're funding it, I don't see where the State government would have any right to try to stop it. If Austin could maybe completely fund it with local sales tax on top of the state sales tax or something like that, I don't really see where they would have any place to complain about it.