In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
And compliance doesn’t protect you from being refused medical care when you have a miscarriage and need a DNC. Or there is a complication in the pregnancy that is potentially life threatening but doctors refuse to do a termination until the woman is at death’s door because the fetus still has a heartbeat.
Women are not pregnant are being refused medications for illnesses that could cause harm to a fetus simply because they are child bearing age (which spans decades).
There hasn’t been nearly enough attention on how this is affecting women’s health who didn’t even want an abortion. Not only do they want to prevent women from having abortions, they’re happy to risk the lives of those who don’t.
All of these Republican fckers implementating bans and restrictions should be sued into oblivion for every health care issue related to the bans.
It's actually more devastating than that. Most mid and late term abortions are medical necessities, and only performed because the fetus is no longer viable. These are mostly women that wanted to have children--often having spent years trying to conceive--and are now experiencing one of the most traumatic events in their life. And the GOP wants to force these women to "give birth" to children that often are stillborn or will die shortly after leaving the womb. It's cruelty on an unimaginable scale...
Their party is fractured. Trump will lose the nomination. I only hope he runs third party. He needs to so he can stay out of jail he believes and since the party has already abandoned him for desantis I am ready to watch all these turds reach out of the bowl and flush themselves.