Because so many ordinary Germans were, in some sense or another, complicit. The very enormity of the crime made its acknowledgment impossible by the adult Germans of the post-war era. If you want a rough American analog, the Tulsa massacre/riot did not come out into public view until all of the generation of white Oklahomans who had perpetrated it were dead. It was covered up (including issues of the local newspapers that had the stories cut out when they were archived in the local libraries). Everybody just knew not speak of it.
Most black people know about lots of happened in the 1800-1900s. They happened all over the US. Mostly because someone in the family was there.
I’m in my 50s and have experienced things like ‘sundown’ towns in east Texas when I was a teen as late as the 80s. It’s not so much covered up as it is common local knowledge.
They didn’t need to ‘cover up’ things when racism/segregation/Jim Crow was the law of the land at the time. Things were just more localized back then so you didn’t hear about if you lived in other places unless it was just overtly heinous.
Back in Jim Crow times judges and the police were routinely the ones doing/allowing the lynching so they either didn’t charge anyone or if a trial did happen they just found the defendants not guilty. A lot of this stuff is in court records it’s been in plain sight the whole time.
It’s just like what happened with George Floyd. He drew mass attention to it but all black people know the police have been brutalizing black people the same way for decades.
That's as ignorant as saying all israelis are extremist settlers that would kill palestinians for land. fuck off.
Well we found the German lol. He didn't saw ALL, he said SOME, unlike your extreme examples lol. His statement if factual correct lol, calm down and accept it was fucked and learn from it.
I think this is problematic for the simple reason that the men she reported to, for the most part, got to live out their lives, most living openly in West Germany. The real sacks of shit headed to Argentina, Paraguay and/or Brazil, where they also lived out their years in comfort (except for a few notable exceptions, like Eichman). Now that there has been a generational change, there is an attempt to "balance the books" by prosecuting people who were basically juveniles at the time (this defendant was charged and convicted as a juvenile).