This is how you get a Ukraine working towards being nuclear armed by any means. Countries like France etc don't seem to understand that this is an existential crisis for Ukraine and they don't intend to ever give Russia the opportunity to do this again. In years to come when Europe has a Ukraine pulling clandestine actions for self preservation some leaders will act all surprised. But the general public won't be.
I worry that not only France don't get this yet. Russia is a bully that doesn't respect any norms and is not following western logic.
One thing is obvious, when it comes to Russia and Ukraine, there's no going back to the status quo or handicapping Ukraine to appease Russia. France hasn't yet understood this.
Wrong, NATO countries don't need their own nuclear deterrence. Poland in no way shape or form needs nukes.Non-NATO countries need SOME deterrent; nukes, alliances or geographical positioning.
It is obvious that in order to survive Ukraine has to have nuclear capacity or conventional equivalent. With potential to deliver destruction to Russian territory.
Besides, NATO striking Russia can trigger global nuclear war, while single country retaliating could keep nuclear destruction to minimum.
There are a couple of ways the war in Ukraine end, but broadly speaking either one side wins or one side quits, and in terms of preventing human deaths quitting is a better humanitarian outcome than a win. (Terms and conditions apply.).
The very second ivan's pinky toe crosses the polish border, there will a boot so far up Russia's ass that Lenin would feel it.
Hot take: Macron is right to suggest security guarantees, Zelenskyy is right to "blast" him for it.
You are assuming too much. Ukraine needs to be able to defend itself and strike Russia on its own territory. Just as Poland.
Meanwhile Zelenskyy is also doing the right thing because he needs to project strenh; Ukraine mustn't seem unreasonable, but they mustn't seem weak, either. Whether this is political theater or good faith is beside the point, both France and Ukraine are sending signals that need to be sent.
If Putin thinks that there's no way out of this war except victory, if he thinks that quitting would be worse for him or worse for Russia than continuing to fight, then Putin will continue to fight and people will continue to die. What Macron is proposing is an off-ramp, a way for Putin to pull out of the war with better outcomes than if he lost; it turns our stomach to think about giving any sort of leeway to despots, but that leeway has the potential to save lives and it shouldn't be off the table, at the very least it is beneficial for Vladimir Putin to believe that leeway exists and he might have a way out.
It's okay to think Macron is wrong, but I also think there's merit in allowing him to speak, if Vladimir Putin thinks he has an off-ramp he might try to use it, if he doesn't think he has an off-ramp he won't even look. Putin withdrawing from the war is the longest of long shots, but it's also still the best possible outcome for this conflict.
If we take Putin at his word (foolish, but we have nothing else to go on} then nuclear weapons are unlikely to be used, and of course Ukraine's allies have nuclear capabilities, too.
We don't want Putin thinking that nuclear weapons are his only way out, there's no way to make him think anything, but we can at least give him things to think about.
It can go a long way just to make Putin feel like he's being listened to, he can demand whatever the hell he wants.
Keep in mind that part of this, not all of it, but at least part of it, is theater. Bad cop says let's nuke Moscow into the ground, good cop says hold on let's give Putin a chance, each role is more effective together than apart. We don't need to give Putin an actual out, we just need him to think he has one, if that makes sense.
If Putin believing he has an off ramp can bring a faster end to the war, yes, it's worth if not worrying about then at least posturing about.
Every day that this war continues means more dead Ukrainians and dead Russians, every hour this war continues means more dead Ukrainians and more dead Russians, if promising Vladimir Putin that he can live in Disney World is what ends this war I'm fine with promising him that, we can decide whether or not we keep the promise after the shooting stops.
I broadly agree with the thinking and rationale, though I don't know that it's the United States that should be pushing for peace, I only say that because we're currently Ukraine's biggest military partner. The United States taking a leading role in advocating for peace could send the message that we aren't squarely aligned with Ukraine, that being said I have no doubt that Joe Biden is constantly whispering in Zelenskyy's ear at every opportunity.
I'm in no way a foreign policy expert, but it seems to me that American diplomacy should be behind the scenes while nations like France take the spotlight. France's public diplomacy won't blow things up, they have a freedom that the United States lacks right now.
I stopped making predictions on November 8th 2016 at 11:45PM, that's when I learned how badly I suck at it. I hope you're right, but remember that a year ago we would have all laughed at the idea of the Russian army getting trounced by Ukraine on the battlefield and today we just laugh at the idea of the Russian army, a lot can change between now and not now.
This isn't my way of saying I doubt or disagree with your prediction, it's my way of saying I have no confidence in my ability to judge your opinion, the world got weird after Y2K.