et Rowley has also bemoaned that he does not have the power to sack dangerous officers, thanks to the fact police can only be dismissed via lenhy special tribunals.
Independent inquiries into the Met’s misconduct system have been scathing. A report last fall found that when a family member or a fellow officer filed a complaint, it took on average 400 days – more than an entire year – for an allegation of misconduct to be resolved.
For Harriet Wistrich, a lawyer lobbying the government to give its existing inquiries into police misconduct statutory powers to better protect women, the issue of domestic abuse as a gateway towards other serious offenses cannot be overlooked.
Wistrich’s Centre for Women’s Justice, a campaign group, first filed a so-called super-complaint in March 2019, highlighting how existing measures designed to protect domestic abuse victims in general were being misused by police, she said, from applications for restraining orders to the use of pre-charge bail.
In the three years thereafter, as successive Covid lockdowns saw victims trapped at home with their abusers and prosecutions for such crimes plummeted, Wistrich says she noticed a trend of police officers’ partners contacting her.
“We had been receiving a number of reports from women who were victims of police officers, usually victims of domestic abuse who didn’t have the confidence to report or if they did report felt that they were massively let down or victimized and sometimes subject to criminal action against them themselves for reporting,” Wistrich told CNN.
Or (we saw) the police officer using his status within the family courts to undermine her access to her own children.” Wistrich said.
“Certainly if anyone’s a victim of a police officer, they’re going to be extremely fearful of coming forward,” she added.
Experts say the scale of his offending will further erode trust, particularly among women and as long as the public is unclear about how much risk lies within the ranks of Britain’s 43 police forces, tensions will simmer.
Each Police force has several units which investigate the conduct of officers (from different perspectives).
It seems an Officer had a number of issues before and during his job that show a clear pattern of behaviour, but it wasn't identified.
So now the Metropolitan Police need to systematically go through every officer in their forces looking for similar issues.
The Met have 43,000 officers, so its not crazy to expect they will find stuff. This sort of article feels like its trying to set expectations.
Carrick’s history appears to confirm Wistrich’s point. He had repeatedly come to the police’s attention for domestic incidents, and would eventually admit behavior so depraved it involved locking a partner in a cupboard under the stairs at his house. When some of his victims tried to seek justice he abused his position to convince them that their word against that of a police officer would never be believed.
And real numbers are likely to be a fair bit higher than reported, as I expect someone abused by a police officer would be reluctant to report the crime to another police officer.