Police officers went to the rural property to conduct a welfare check as it was believed that a missing person was there. As they were walking up the driveway they got shot at and three officers were injured, one managed to escape but the other two got shot again while they were on the ground. A neighbour who tried to help the officers (remote area with no backup for a while) also got shot and killed. The offenders then stole the police officer's weapons and radios and seemingly barricaded themselves in the house. Police helicopters and tactical police got called in, shooters started firing at both and police fired back, all 3 offenders didn't survive the ensuing gunfight.
The area where it happened is known for high rates of drug use as well as a lot of nutjobs who live off the grid in tents, shipping containers and self constructed tin structures - initial information suggests that the shooters (two brothers and one wife) had a heavy presence on Australian conspiracy theory websites and were hardcore anti-government sovereign citizen types who hated police. Being a rural area gun ownership is a lot more common as they have to deal with wild dogs, pigs, etc - police would have been aware of this but obviously weren't expecting to get ambushed by multiple shooters during what was a routine welfare check.
edit 2: fixed up my description because some redditors weren't happy that I avoided going into detail about how the officers were brutally executed as they lay on the ground (hint: because it's pretty fucking upsetting).
Actually it's the "got shot" part that's passive and the "passed away" part that's active, in grammatical terms!
It's called passive voice. News use it all the time. Like, cops never kill people, people just end up dead in "officer involved shootings".
The only way this tragedy could have been prevented was if there was a good 6 year old driving an SUV to stop him. But really, it was just a mental health issue so there’s nothing we could do. Thoughts and prayers.