Solar, wind, EVs, chips and phones. US fell behind our lost major advantages on a whole lot under the last administration when it came to technological advancements.
In fairness, China had completely bought the PV market and corrupted it for personal gain. Obama's refusal to confront them on this is a big reason why Trump won. It's still holding the PV industry back because many voters just don't trust a technology associated with China and economic divestment. Biden has already admitted this is a problem which is where many of his tarriffs come from.
Fair (I'm not young to drive into political analysis for win/loss). Although South Korea and US were still pretty big players in 2010-2016+. Almost all of those companies have had to shut down. Even LG gave up. If us had properly incentivized the industry, we would have both higher quality and better support. China had the incentive to invest in it as well because of its lack of other fuel sources. There was no reason for US to lose on the Li-FePO4 batteries. Trumps approach to creating trade wars by muscling into tariffs wasn't very effective either. Let's see how this one goes. Biden seems promising in the sense that he is looking at it from a standpoint of incentivizing and using tariffs to bring industry back to the US rather than going to a war over trade. Time will tell.
Maybe from an outside perspective. Within the US, the BIRA (lol?) flushed Obama-era projects with money. Notable winners are California's high speed rail project, Chicago's Metra, Amtrak, and Virginia. Biden's decades-long plan to expand Amtrak's eastern corridor with a Southeast Corridor from DC to Charlotte is now formally happening and is no longer opposed by Republicans. Biden is rebuilding our nuclear capacity, and by the end of the decade we'll have the ability to build and fuel nuclear reactors without Russia. Same for space rockets.
Trump was just a single speed bump. There's a much larger paralysis spawning from a much bigger, worse infection within the US government. The American right has finally faced it's moment where it needs to show voters things it can make. It can't, and it's in steep decline as a result. Just look at how Newt Gringrich has had to pull a 180 on NASA because, thanks to Putin being evil, Russia had more civil rockets than us.