In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Obviously it now only needs 50 senators to approve it to pass, but it'll be interesting to see if anyone who voted for a vote on it will now vote against it (or vice-versa).
Keep in mind, the bill didn't pass by a vote of 62-37, it only advances to be voted on at this point by that margin.
I don't know how to check that. It's not very conducive to a Google search. Most people don't consider it to be an interesting piece of information. The interesting piece is knowing which 38 senators voted to maintain the filibuster, and which 62 voted to break it.
The Senate gets to make some of its own rules for how it will operate. The party in power can choose what those rules will be (if that sounds sort of crazy, yeah it does have the potential to be crazy. You're not imagining things).
However, not all Democrats want to get rid of the filibuster. Most famously Manchin and Sinema are against getting rid of it, but the truth is there are even more Dems who also want to keep it in place. It's not going away anytime soon.
1. Someone tried to filibuster to prevent the bill from being voted on. No surprise there, nearly every bill gets filibustered.
Under the current rules, if you are a senator and you don't want a bill to get voted on, all you have to do is send an email that says "I am filibustering this bill.".
Machin is pro standing filibuster, which makes sense, he likes things the old fashioned way. Sinema is pro the current filibuster, because she likes things nice, tidy and polite, and making people stand and talk for 24hrs isnt nice, and peeing in buckets(yes this is a real thing) isn't tidy.
The bill is then filibustered and cannot be voted on unless 60 senators agree to break the filibuster.
There has been a lot of talk saying that Democrats should change the rules to either remove the filibuster, or to make it more difficult than sending an email (in the old days, senators had to get up and talk to filibuster, and when they all stopped talking the filibuster would end).
However one of the Senate's rules is that a few spending bills ("budget reconciliation") cannot be filibustered. They can only do this a few times per year, and these bills can only have certain types of provisions. For example, it's not possible to do a marriage bill under budget reconciliation because it has nothing to do with taxing/spending.
If you heard about the Senate passing something recently, such as the climate law a couple months ago, they did that by making it a budget reconciliation bill so it couldn't be filibustered.
It's worth noting I'm in Canada and our political parties don't really line up with yours. This guy is still very much a corporatist but also not a social a conservative.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I feel the same way about the whole 'gay cakes thing'. Like why would I want to force homophobes to bake my wedding cake, I don't want spit in my cakes.
There's also that most religious people are still people. And even people who don't support gay marriage aren't actually hateful all the time. My father(who I'm no contact with because his wife is transphobic and my wife is trans) sees marriage as a religious institution. But when gay marriage was the 'it issue' didn't vote for the anti gay marriage guy, because he was a hateful nutter, and instead voted for the gay(he is closeted but it was very much an open secret, people have actually outed him by accident because they didn't know he was 'closeted') candidate. For those sorts of people this bill is probably exactly what they want.
The law makes a lot of sense if you are more pragmatic than dogmatic no matter how conservative you are. If/when Obergefell is overturned how do you handle all the gay marriages in terms of legalness(beyond rights conferred by marriage, how do you deal with the division of assets when a marriage ends without divorce). This is much tidier.