In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
In every other Presidential republic you care to look at, whether it's Brazil, or Colombia, or France, whoever wins the most votes wins. That's it.
It's even simpler than that. America is the ONLY Presidential republic in the entire world where the President is not elected by a simple plurality, but rather through this convoluted system called the electoral college.
There's a reason why I have faith that democracy abroad will survive, even if America's democracy falls, and the simplicity of other systems contributes to that.
I am the eternal optimist: I think Americans will pull through, but it will take a fight. The far-right is not the future, they're a dying beast desperately clinging on.
Doesn't fucking matter if you win Buttfuck Nowhere County. You get more votes than the other guy? You win.
look at how the governments are in Argentina and Brazil? the two largest nations in South America they look professional compared to the clown show in Washinon DC.
The trend to keep an eye on is just how rapidly the US is secularizing - one of the fastest drops in religiosity in the world. An accelerated version of this is Poland, which is the fastest secularizing country in the world, in part because they have a far-right government that has completely alienated the young generation from religion.
In a generation, the US will look very different, you just can't let these maniacs seize your institutions.
South America gets a bad rep but if you look at the biggest countries, they have competent and efficient electoral institutions and courts. The Supreme Court of Colombia has consistently pushed the envelope on things like LGBT rights.
will do and im sure people are pissed at the Supreme Court you know in other nations the Supreme Court is part of the executive branch like in Brazil or Argentina?