In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I don’t find the argument that we should do nothing because very specific scenarios exist where we might not want parents to see what their kids are doing online. The reason is because when a kid gets hurt by awful things online, the first thing everyone says is “parents should have known”. This constant arguing two polar opposite points has been going on for sometime.
People would lose their damn minds if a school let adults profit from fucking in front of kids or pedophiles chat up any child they want in private. But we’re ok with the internet being exactly this way for 10 year olds. Why? Oh because the parents should have known.
Don't let them fool you with their "think of the children" rhetoric, because they've made it perfectly clear how little they care, how they only see kids as nothing more than pawns.
Except there are ALREADY other bills that are being pushed that DON'T cause the damage this bill will cause, that DO aim to curb the abuses of Big Tech and the darker aspects of the internet WITHOUT making things worse for everyone else in the process.
, , ADPPA, The , but all of those get ignored or shunted aside by the politicians because they're preying on people's gullibility and ignorance to force through this draconian bullshit.
If they truly cared about children, they would have invested in the above ones, not aligned themselves with far-right assholes like Marsha Blackburn, Lindsey Graham and what not who actively want to silence LGBT kids and adults alike.
Ive read the letter and I’m not sure I agree that this is draconian bullshit, though I do agree that malicious DAs looking to make political waves could intentionally misuse is. The problem with that is that I feel that way about every law that places anyone in criminal jeopardy. That will not stop being the case until we hold DAs accountable for intentionally violating the spirit of laws they intentionally misuse for their own gain. Nothing short of that will ever stop them from misusing their powers.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I don’t agree that 15 and 16 should have legally protected online privacy rights. I find that assertion absurd. I don’t agree that age verification is a unspeakable wrong, and I find the idea that this would somehow make us not anonymous online laughable. Apps are spyware. They tell whoever it is that they report to where you live and where you go. That alone is enough to identify you, but they don’t stop there. They tell them everything you search and what you buy. They have a more precise and accurate picture of me than I do of myself. They do all of this to find more effective means of predicting and altering your decisions. Social media takes this even further. Yet I’m to believe that age verification is a bridge too far? It seems the line is drawn ONLY where it might actually limit access to minors.
You seem convinced this law is horrible and I’m entirely open to being convinced I’m wrong. I’m not a right winger and if you have evidence for me to look at I’m glad to do so. I’m just not at all convinced by the arguments offered in that letter.