TLDR: they want to send the Justice minister to be a European ambassador, this guy to be Justice minister, Intelligence minister to be the Defense minister.
They don’t know who will be the new Intelligence minister. The Defense minister deputy was arrested due to corruption in January along with others.
I always had the impression he did a good job, simply because I never heard any criticism after international meetings.
He was doing press releases, he knows the NATO people face to face, Ukraine support keeps coming and getting bigger. He is a well known face representing Ukraine on the international stage. It seems odd to replace the Defence Minister in the middle of a war.
I was a bit worried. I was thinking Reznikov was doing a great job from a PR standpoint, and their forces after the reshuffling can't be described as lacking nowadays.
I read it twice before posting and another time now as you mentioned it and I expected they edited in some info. But there is nothing new in the article.
I don’t really have any personal insight on Reznikov one way or another. But Budanov is a fucking brilliant savage.
Ukraine government functions like 5 heads. They don’t always get along, but they are highly effective. This war has (re)taught the world what Marcus Aurelius taught a few centuries ago. the most efficient Army ALWAYS wins. And corruption is just parasitic drag taking efficiency away.
There is praise for his work during the war, there is the mentioning that his deputy got dismissed due to corruption scandal and of course that reporting is only 'likely' but nothing confirmed yet, as he himself didn't have info about it when asked.
The primary reason kyiv didn’t fall in 3 days as projected was because all the Russian oligarchs turned all the maintenance and fuel contracts into yachts in Monaco and houses in London.
There was an almost collective realization by every Ukrainian that corruption just simply isn’t a sustainable business model. You can’t bleed to beast and expect it to perform as well.