Before launching the Vuhledar offensive, occupational forces unconcernedly decided to set up an assembly area in the central part of Kyrylivka, not far from Vuhledar. Let's see how did that work out for them almost a week ago.
In this photo, you can see the consequences of the strike which happened almost a week ago and result in some serious casualties. Buildings sustained serious structural damage.
Russia has these poor houses falling apart heating with fire wood just beside major gas pipelines running to EU and China. But the Russians don't care, they are happy with their Czar.
While russians pretend that nothing happened and even didn't bother to mention it, make sure to retweet this, so we can help them to find out what happened.
And when you consider the percentage of the population that is unable to donate (children, elderly, homeless etc...) it really puts into perspective the overwhelming support for this cause. Truly heroic people!
Its vitally important that we recognise and acknowledge that these guys are no better than Joseph Goebbels. Yes, we are at that level of Propaganda and hate mongering now.
The Excalibur factories in the Czech Republic preparing the next batch of T-72B. Currently those T-72M1 are undergoing restoration and modernization.
2/4 Kyrylivka is located approximately 14 kilometers southeast of Vuhledar. The central part of the town - educational and administrative buildings was turned into an assembly area where enemy forces gathered before dispatching to the frontline.
Border Service Lieutenant Anna Mikhalska said that the electronic system on the section with the Kaliningrad Region should cover approximately 200 km of the land border.
Primorsky Krai is in touch - on the evening of February 2, problems arose in the schedule of movement of goods echelons between the Russian Federation and North Korea. The reason is that unknown partisans decided to demonstrate their disagreement with the rapprochement of their Motherland with the outcast of the world community and destroyed the already well-known SCB blocks.".
Here's Simonyan for you saying "In the hot war, we will defeat Ukraine in two days...We've just discussed it during the ad broadcast.".
Everything on Ru TV is theatrics (damn the whole country is a lesson in theatrics!) . That was playing his role, nothing more. There is no value in analysing Ru propaganda it's just noise. If anything Z-milbloggers offer much more substance than whatever Solovyev, Medvedev, Peskov, spout out.
Local TG chat announced the death of Russian war criminal Colonel Sergey Yuryevich Polyakov from the 14th Separate Guards Special Purpose Brigade on February 3rd.
⚡️Training of Ukrainian crews on Leopard tanks will begin tomorrow, — Defense Minister Oleksiy Reznikov said, without specifying in which Western country it will take place.
"We continue conversations with our partners - and soon there will be a visit of distinguished guests, we will also talk about spare parts for Leopard, their repair, maintenance, etc.," — added Reznikov.
‘We killed three Russians’: the secretive Ukrainian special forces taking the fight across the border.
Kyiv and western governments deny they exist, but saboteurs say they are striking Russia on its soil with the help of its people.
Girkin went on a sad rant again yesterday about the poor state of Russian communication, aviation, and supply. More so, believes that Russia is not ready for a major offensive, and if it's daft enough to try it, it can turn out worse than the Kyiv de-escalation.
And we know this by looking at what they do, not what they say. The reshuffling of their MoD, sidelining Prigozhin, the latter having his "business center" closed, Berega's execution, and more.
I may be wrong, but I stopped paying attention when I realized it was having their desired effect, focusing on them, and not reality.
Gerasimov; both OSINT and Z-milbloggers agree that he is inept and his return was political infighting.
Reconnaissance by force is Ru MO since forever (and Ukraine's too!). And this inability to adapt is proven by how RuAF wasted through meat reserves; LDNR, convicts and now mobiks. Meanwhile Ukraine, pressured by NATO, is adapting and employing less of this tactic.
As for Russian massive defeat, there is no need. Both Tsarist Russia and the Soviet Union fell in part because of military defeats, but never outright existential defeat. Which was preceded by declining quality of life (Tsarist Russia: famine, Soviet Russia: long supermarket queues). Right now we are seeing an almost exact redux of the past two Russian collapses in the making all the worse elements mixed and matched in one. (Not that a new regime will be any better, but full balkinazation of Russia is entirely possible very soon).
This is the winter offensive. Gerasimov is extremely pressured for gains, even if tactical and momentary. He needs to deliver something to the bunker gnome by Feb. 24.
If rumors are that the big offensive has began, actually has been ongoing for almost 2 weeks, with the Zaporozhnya front being the first. If you haven't heard about it, that's because not even vatniks have nothing to say, aside from Bakhmut, all offensives are failing.
It seems like this is the "Great Winter Offensive" everyone was talking about. That the gains have been miserable and Russia propaganda is frantically looking left and right for something to call victory to write home about says everything about their "success".