Just to share my experience (though note, I don't live in New York) - I have someone in my family with Bipolar, primarily they suffer from psychosis manic-type when they cycle. She refuses to take medicine. The part of her brain that determines reality is completely broken when she's manic. In our area, we have like the 'regular' police, but when you call to get her evaluated to be committed (when you can tell she's about to 'pop'), you have to request a 'crisis' officer. These officers are trained to recognize mental illness, and how they need to handle those suffering from it, how to de-escalate, etc. I have only ever experienced (and heard, when unable to be present) great things from those officers - they have only ever helped and not made it worse. I was so grateful for their help. I live in a southern state, so knowing these officers were available was kind of surprising to be honest, but I was glad to know they are available. Maybe New York has crisis officers too, and if so, I could see how they could be called to assist in cases like this (I'm not sure if they do or not though). The thing is, the people who have to be involuntarily committed like this (like my family member), they are often repeats (in and out of hospitals because they refuse to stay medicated), and the officers come to know who those people are, what symptoms they exhibit that show they're spiraling, etc. If we had waited for the officers to commit my family member until after committing an 'act', that literally would have been good for nobody. Thankfully they're able to assess a person's judgement here (similar to how this directive sounds). There's more that can be done in these situations, but it usually involves the courts determining they can't take care of themselves, supported by medical documentation. Usually a family member or social worker would manage their affairs, and if they are found to be off medication, they can be readmitted involuntarily. Unfortunately, there is usually so much red tape between doctors and the courts, very few families find themselves able to get through the whole process to get their family member stable care through a conservatorship.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.