Liar. You're selling these systems to UAE and other Arab nations, none of which are under imminent threat (all of which are backed by the US.) The reason you're not selling them to Ukraine is because Russia will flex its muscle in Syria and shut your anti-Iran operations down. End of story.
Your final statement is the logical point. It’s very probable & would sense from a geopolitical perspective given Israel’s geographical location, relations with neighbours & Russia’s relations with countries in the region. Israel appears to be protecting their own interests which make sense, while still providing humanitarian aid to Ukraine.
Not necessarily, you state that they’re lying as Israel is already supplying SA? That’s fine, they didn’t deny that. They stated that they don’t have the capacity which is very possible & there’s no reason to doubt it realistically.
SA are under imminent threat, they’re regularly attacked & now with the US & SA claiming to have evidence that Iran may attack there’s no reason they shouldn’t have it.
I mean, the US purchased two Iron Dome systems for testing and subsequently cancelled all future orders. So now the US has two systems which they're trying to find a use for (they deployed one to Guam.) Israel can just authorize the transfer of this tech to Ukraine and nothing needs to be produced. Simple as that.
Could Israel do more? Sure. Should Israel do more? No. They’re under no obligation to & have already went above & beyond.
I specifically said the UAE. The UAE isn't under constant attack or even threat of attack, whereas Ukraine is being bombarded every hour.
The reality is, they're afraid of what will happen if they lose Russia's support in Syria but refuse to admit it. Sefl interests are fine, just don't tell me you won't help me get back on my feet, after a fall, because your shoulder hurts when in fact it's because you don't want to get your hands dirty.
Your example isn’t great….Israel technically did help (Ukraine up) with humanitarian aid. As for dirty hands, they could face annihilation from their neighbours. As for any excuses Israel have made, they’re very plausible so there’s nothing to suggest they’re lying other than raw emotions.
So, your argument is the US has one system, that Israel could transfer? Does that apply to batteries, radar, sensors, etc? These things aren’t as black & white as you seem to believe.
Yes, this is the point. Israel is not obligated to do anything for anyone. They're acting in their own self interests. They're just refusing to say so and instead are making excuses. Hence my liar comment.
I specifically said SA. Israel & the US currently supply iron done systems to SA (rather than a random claim), they are under constant threat & attack.
Further more, you’re correct….the dome was deployed to Guam, for testing & training. As far as I’m away they’re both back CONUS, in bliss reporting awaiting redeployment. They’re both still active military equipment, they can’t be transferred.
To date, Israel has help Ukraine considerably more than Ukraine has ever helped Ukraine. I’m not sure anyone can really say Israel has to or should do more, with a straight face if they’re being logical.
Calling someone intentionally not telling the truth a liar? Weird, I know. Get used to it because you'll see that a lot once you get out into the real world.
Israel helped Ukraine more than Ukraine has helped itself? Nonsense. We're at 140,000 Ukranians dead and they're fighting all by themselves. How many Israelis have died in all the wars they've ever fought? 8,000? 9,000? There's absolutely no comparison. What Ukraine is suffering is far worse than anything Israel has endured both in terms of lives and infrastructure destroyed.