Oh no We interrupt this program to bring you breaking news ......groundhogs day has been cancelled. It seems that nobody ever asked Phil how he felts about his famous role in forecasting, and in fact he has been held captive and made to appear each February 2nd . Groundhogs everywhere are very upset that they have been duped and stereotyped. It's not right to be used as an image to represent something as foreign and offensive as the forecast.
"Humans are such specists" said greta groundhog when asked how she felt about P. Phil's statements and the possibility he may be freed.
And you, too, can get paid to kill You just need to join at the nearest army recruiter Apply inside See the faces of those you killed haunt your dreams world Learn how to kill people new skills!
I think he’s saying if you put a war in a bag, shake it up, and pour it out, you’re going to get nothing but bastards, your’s or theirs. Heroes are only side-subjectively chosen. The dead can’t argue the point. You may be right morally or ethically, or even fighting for survival, but if you’re doing it right, then you’re being as much of a hateful bastard as you can be to your enemies.
It is war, you can be cruel in pursuit of your objectives to a large degree, war is always hell; but being cruel for the sake of hatred and cruelty is a big leap beyond that.
I wasn’t referencing war crimes, I was originally referring to “legal” war. However, the definition of legal war and rules of engagement change often and sometimes contradicts. Sherman never committed war crimes because there was no rule of war proscribing him from those actions. He was brutal but effective, in what we will in modernity consider atrocities, to gain his objectives and prosecute his war against the rebels. So when we denounce atrocities, what’s the rubric for the definition of an atrocity, and can it be an atrocity if legal by agreed rules of conflict?
Law does not dictate morality, it often correlates with it but it is not that simple. It only attempts to enforce agreements, atrocities are still atrocities. Throughout most of human history, cruelty was just a tool for war, but we slowly left that behind as we progressed. That does not make the cruelty of the past ok, but at least some of it had purpose. When things happened at smller scales, scaring your opponents into non confrontation was valuble, cutting off supplies during a siege and worsening conditions for people defending led to surrenders, etc. But there have also been many examples of cruelty done without purpose; inhumane tortures, lots and lots of raping of civilians, etc.
This still happens in war, and even from allies. WW2 US soldiers, during and after liberating france from nazi occupation, commited thousands of rapes and looted who knows how much more.
Chucking it all to "just war" is reductionist. Worrying about what is "legal" can be valuable though.
Either way, there is no right or wrong answer to what should be "allowed" to happen during war, and we all agree it is awful, but we can't let that be a reason we refuse to acknowledge the nuances of it all.
Regarding the taliban and the rest of the world, both perspectives see the other as evil, that is true, but they aren't equally valid perspectives.