Normally a term reserved for cars. If you keep a vehicle in storage for a long period of time, you don't really want to leave any liquids which may go off, congeal or cause damage to the vehicle.
I'm a gardener and at the end of mowing season, we tend to run our mowers dry, otherwise the unleaded fuel can deteriorate over the winter period.
Gasoline is a mixture of many different types and weights of hydrocarbon molecules. Spoilage depends on the types and ratios of molecules present and environmental factors like the temperature and humidity. Generally the lighter molecules will evaporate out and/or the fuel will oxidize, causing heavier molecules to be present in higher concentrations, resulting in different properties than machinery was designed for (especially higher viscosity). This may result in lower performance and even malfunctions in components including fuel lines, fuel filters, carburetors, or fuel injectors. Unstabilized pure gasoline lasts for at least six months in normal circumstances, and stabilized gasoline can last for a few years. Gasoline with ethanol can go bad faster in a high-humidity environment.
In terms of the unleaded in our mowers, I think it would just be a pain to get started, run poorly or not at all. It would also be a pain if you have to drain the tank as it means finding somewhere to dispose of the old fuel. We can use an alternative branded unleaded fuel called Aspen which supposedly lasts longer than normal unleaded. However it's a lot more expensive and some people (myself included) complain it gives them a headache.
Specifically, there's usually water trapped in gasoline. Additionally, some of the fuel can polymerize to the sides of the tank, carb parts, injectors, fuel lines, etc. The fuel filter can get clogged as well. The water itself can cause rust in the tank or anywhere it's allowed to settle and sit.
Diesel however is different to unleaded. I think it takes longer to go off but can cause damage. One of my colleagues said diesel can also be separated in colder weather.