In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Many red states are not attractive locations for business investment due to being sparsely populated and low workforce quality. (This is particularly true in the state that the article is about: Nebraska.) Actions like the one this thread is about further damage the state in the eyes of the corporatists.
Red states take money from corporations. Corporations want the cheapest and most disenfranchised labor possible. Red states do everything they can to sandbag the future workforce population. Boom, a pipeline of millions of trapped upward mobility inhibited modern day slaves and cannon fodder for their corporate donors. It's basically going to be forced corporate conscription, but if your family has a little money, they might be able to buy your way out.
They aren't doing this to get donations from business groups or encourage investment. If anything, they're doing it to discourage investment, because more jobs would mean higher wages and higher wages might lift their supporters out of poverty. Keeping the rubes in poverty is a key part of the Republican political strategy; can't have the masses getting uppity about the kleptocracy.
Also the main reason they want to exert control over social media. That's why they want popular sites the kids use like TikTok, but not Facebook, blocked. Plus they are still salty about how the kids used TikTok to communicate ways that f\cked Trump's Tulsa rally. It was after that when the talk of banning TikTok or forcing it to be sold began.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.