In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The article provides this data and other visuals to prove Hersh's claims about ships being involved are false.
This is based on the word of a single anonymous source who claims to have knowledge of the operation. I am not saying the story is necessary false. I am just not convinced it is true.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Furthermore, what are the odds that a Hersh source in 2001 and a completely different source 20 years later would both use the exact ......
One ship was being scrapped at the time. The other ships he mentioned can have their movements fully accounted for using open sources.
A second article by the same author provides similar information regarding the aircraft Hersh claimed was involved.
I was not aware people had already debunked this. Thanks for the links. I am not sure the phrase "goat fuck" means it is the same source. It is not common but I have heard it a number of times from several different people in the military. To me that indicates the sources might have military ties, but it it is not unique enough to conclude they are the same person.
I think it's likely that he uses the same source, going back to the well. And that 2001 source it appears wasn't entirely incorrect either it seems. Sounds like somebody who has loose knowledge of what is going on but makes a lot of speculation or is fed purposely incorrect information to discredit the rest of the claim.
If I had to guess it seems like the US would be the most likely suspect. Frankly after Biden said we had the capability I just assumed most people thought we did it. And I didn't understand why that even was a controversial position. Attacking Ukraine and then the largest western military not blowing up your pipeline seems like a bad strategy.
But I don't think Germany really cares if we did it. They knew they couldn't use these now anyway after Putin did Ukraine.
Yeah I roll my eyes anytime someone suggests Russia did it themselves. I just can't understand that theory.
That's why I think Hirsch is like a useful idiot. Somebody gives him parts of the real story but also stuff that isn't true. So it discredits the true stuff.
Can you ELI5? My whole life I was told that international trade reduced the desire to go to war. So Russia cutting off a main export of a highly inelastic good to Germany seems like the opposite of what one would do if they wanted Germany to stay out of war with them.