Modern Benin is named that because of a coastal region that got its name from the Kingdom of Benin which was located in what is now Nigeria. It caused a bit of a stir when they chose that name instead of continuing to be called Dahomey.
I shared a similar perspective. I saw this a couple weeks back and I really flipped on the subject, you may want to give it a watch if you’re interested in different perspectives.
The video is good. But although I can agree with him on the general principle, he deals very dismissively with the point about how the other countries will care for the artefacts. This would vary on case by case basis and I dont think it should be ignored.
Nigeria has several active terrorist groups for example, and I don't know but question their standards for museology.
This isn't just something you can glance over by pointing out the dumb things the british museum did in the past, realistically the standards between countries vary greatly.
I get his point about accessibility and that it's both hypocritical and often inaccurate (because the items are often not displayed). But there's a difference between returning something to let's say Greece or Peru, and returning it to a currently very unsafe country that's ripe with terrorism and corruption (yeah clearly there's corruption everywhere but all I know about Nigeria is that it's a whole different level).
No one will go visit Nigeria as a tourist because its dangerous, so the global access is definitely reduced compared to having it in Europe. It's fair to say go to whatever country if you want to see it, but you can't fairly say "go to Nigeria" cause people have good reasons to avoid going there.
I don't know, Im not 100% sure where I stand on this, but i dont think a general principle that it's the right thing to do should necessarily be applied if there is a legit cause for concern about how the items will be treated.
Maybe there should be an acknowledgement that the items belong to another country but can only be stored there once some clear set of conditions is met, and have some type of global impartial committee decide.
I wouldn’t say he glances over it as much as recognize it’s not a valid reason to keep property that was once described as “loot.”.
Also, while at times his analogies can be oversimplified, I don’t think they are in this case. Literally plundering a nation and then using “accessibility and protection” as the means to not return stolen possessions just doesn’t track.
I agree that it shouldn't be seen as the belonging of whichever national museum has it now, but I think it is a global interest and not just a national one either.
I think its not as simple as a national ownerhsip either. That is why I think a global committee would be the best, with counties of origin having the priority to display at their museums unless there are very clearly defined issues there that would put the artefacts at risk, in wich case they are temporarily placed at a better location.
I still don’t entirely understand how anyone can rationalize that protection justifies theft, but I appreciate you watching the video and considering the whole argument.
I mean lets say Afghanistan with Taliban gov hypotherically wanted back an object just to destroy it (for whatever reason let's say it was taken from Afghanistan but it's Shia and pisses them off). would you still say it needs to be returned because protection doesn't justify theft?
The question is whom are you returning it to. It was stolen, yeah, but you can't exactly return it to the owner. You are giving it to governments or institutions whose right to the objects can also be questioned.
Plus in my suggestion about giving it to a care of an international committee, the ownership would be removed from institutions that got it unrightfully and at best they'd be teporary custodians.
I see it from a more universalist perspective, its all human history and culture and so its of global interest to preserve it. I don't think a current government or insititutions in any country have automatic given right to it just because the artefact originated in the same location a long time ago. They would have a good claim but not an absolute one.
I mean look at ISIS destroying Palmyra. You think Boko Haram and others are a much better environment? He also didnt mention just how bad the standard is in some countries when it comes to protecting artefacts, there are much worse cases that the british museum one.