More than 40 soldiers and civilians told Reuters they witnessed the Nigerian military kill children or saw children's corpses after a military operation. Intentional killings of children have occurred with a blurring frequency across the region during the war, according to witnesses. More than 40 sources said they saw the Nigerian military target and kill children or saw the dead bodies of children after a military operation. These sources included both parents and other civilian witnesses, as well as soldiers who said they participated in dozens of military operations in which children were slaughtered.
Together, their estimates added up to thousands of children killed. Reuters investigated six incidents in which at least 60 died. One mother described the deaths of her twin babies: “The soldiers said they killed those children because they are children of Boko Haram.”.
I see the propaganda machine that stats up whenever Nigeria starts to gain success is working again, yesterday it was a mystical 12000 abortions that were arrived at by interviewing 33 people who could have had miscarriages with absolutely zero empirical evidence. next is "Nigerian army massacres children".
It is now obvious that certain entities are determined to sabotage Nigeria's war against terror. Terrorism is inherently evil. It took a coalition of 65 countries and billions of dollars to flush ISIS out of their caliphate in Syria. Nigeria has been alone in it's war against a more vicious terrorist group that numbered over 200,000. Rather than solidarity we got sanctioned.
Attempts to buy arms from Israel sabotaged. From South Africa sabotaged. A-29 Super Tucano delivery delayed by half a decade.
EDIT: If you downvoted this, you’re a pussy. That’s how it works. You kill a bunch of kids it doesn’t matter if your cause is noble or not, you just created the next generation of enemies.
Today the western media is employing a strategy to set the world against Nigeria and cut of any form of support critical to crushing terrorists.