In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
As bad as McConnell has been, the real damage was done to the court when Nixon replaced 4 of the 9 SCJs. The Warren court was very progressive and Nixon turned it Conservative in just 3 years. Not so fun stat: of the 21 SCJs that have been appointed in the last 55 years, Republicans appointed 16, impeached presidents appointed 9, Nixon + Trump appointed 7, Democrats appointed 5. The fact that two of the most corrupt presidents in US history have appointed more SCJs in the last half century than all Democrats combined is terrifying.
Out of the 4 that Nixon appointed, only 2 did what he wanted . One of them turned into the most liberal justice ever in Blackmun. Powell was a moderate centrist who proved to be more liberal as Brennan continued to influence him. Also, as progressive as the Warren court was, it also gave Nixon a free victory as he was able to turn the peoples anger about crime into votes and honestly, deservedly so. The Warren Court was great but some of its decisions were not very good(parts of Miranda come into mind). They were ruling in favor of criminal defendents every time. Not a great look.
And the media. The "mainstream" media bends over backwards to kowtow to Republicans so they are not perceived as "liberal". So when Republicans screamed about "liberal clerks" who leaked - and because they were the loudest promoting this guess - the media jumped all over it.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I actually agree with you. I put it into " " for that reason. But ... it is CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN etc. that bend over backwards and actually end up promoting Republican demagogues, bullies, liars, publicity seekers, and loudmouths.
Gerald Ford was a moderate president who appointed a moderate justice who was moderare conservative for like 7 years but became a guaranteed liberal for the last 28 years.
Chief Justice Rehnquist who was a known quantity and had already been a justice for a couple years. Rehnquist, while very conservative, also ran the most efficient court ever and proved to be a stable presence who was a great administrator. He also gave us Dickerson which upheld Miranda. Scalia was a originality and while became known as the hard right and voted against due process rights, he also gave us quite a few good criminal rulings. Howe ver, he was also very questionable in his decisions and was a gift for the hard right. O'Connor became more and more liberal as time went on. She was conservative but was a much easier person to deal with and gave balancing tests instead of hard like stances like Scalia and Rehnquist. She was a swing vote with Kennedy(more on him later) and was a really good one. She upheld Abortion rights,affirmative action, and joined the liberals on some criminal cases.