Plundering, raping, looting and occupying territory while filling the warcrime bingo card as fast as a they can onforign soil.
In local Moscow weather today, there’s pockets of isolated drone explosions, with the ten day forecast indicating more stormy weather, and possible hail of bullets in the coming weeks.
Vladimir Putin met with top military officials today to discuss Russia’s national security situation. When asked for a quote on how the war affects national security, Putin responded “um exqueeeze me it is not a war it is a speppal millimary oplaration”. Here’s Tom with the weather.
The at that level are unfixable without decades of reform. You can't just swap out an entire military culture the same way you can swap out a few underperforming generals.
Replacing the military leadership has already happened and we've seen quite a bit of improvement in the strategic decisions Russia is making, especially on the eastern front.
The real problem is the implementation of the strategy and the quality of the information being given back up the chain to the people who decide what the strategy is.
The only reason Putin is still fighting it is because withdrawing would be an acknowledgement of his failure, which will most likely mean the end of his leadership.
Instead, he's decided to drag things out by feeding more and more Russian resources into the meatgrinder in the hopes something will change and he'll be able to try to salvage something he can call a win.
If Putin dies, his successor has a choice: keep fighting an unwinable war and make Putin's failure your own, or withdraw and blame all those mistakes on Putin.
As for the perspective thing I mentioned: I imagine Ukraine just wants a quick end to the war, so Putin dying would be great for them.
However, I suspect a lot of western countries supporting Ukraine just want to see Russia keep on bleeding until their country is desperate enough to agree to all kinds of reform and potentially even nuclear disarmament.
Final thing of note: killing a head of state, even when you're at war, is seen by the international community as a big no-no. Ukraine might be willing to do it anyway, but there would probably be consequences.
Ukraine is merely defending its rightfully owned property, its people, and its independence. It has shown that it has no desire to harm Russia's territorial integrity or national security.
If Russia left tomorrow, I've no doubt Zelenskyy would be all over their asses politically: wanting reparations for the damage they've caused and for their war crimes to be punished, but my key point is Ukraine doesn't want to be fighting for a second longer than they have to.
There are other interests that want to see this fight run on for as long as possible to maximise Russian loss of men and matériel until they're no longer capable of any military adventurism in not only Ukraine but also Syria, North Africa, and everywhere else.