It’s hilarious because they don’t even try to make it believable. It is like they recognize that they have enough control domestically that they don’t even have to pretend to be honest and they have enough economic clout globally that no one is going to seriously call them out. The have industrial level interment camps for Uyghurs and continue to do so with impunity. What’s that compared to some Covid deaths.
They have been doing this from the start of the outbreak. The early case numbers and deaths are likely completely fake. There has been no transparent investigation of the start of the outbreak.
Without something even resembling and independent press in China, there is no real accountability. China should be cautious, that level of dysfunction in Russia meant they started a war with a paper Army. Long term this kind dishonesty starts to undermine the fabric of a country’s economy, society, and military.
It’s even possible that local officials are so anxious to avoid scrutiny from Beijing that it’s not even a cover up where they know the actual numbers, but rather at every level officials don’t report cases to make sure they aren’t held to account by the higher ups.
They played into and also cultivated Chinese nationalism as well as people generally like improving social conditions. Also, while there was a clear ruling class it wasn’t a dictatorship in that there was a transfer of power every 10 years.
Post Tiananmen Square there was an unwritten contract. No real political challenge to the CCCP but in return there are rising wealth and economic opportunity. The central government would facilitate the economic growth and raise china’s stature on the global stage.
Previously Chinese were defensive when criticized by the rest of the world because they felt they were being attacked. But now that China is likely the second most powerful entity globally, and the criticism is clearly internal, there might be more fertile ground.
China just practices transparency with Chinese characteristics. If you criticize this it's because you are racist. China is actually more transparent than the west.