Gang of 8 girls, age 13 to 16, tried to steal a bottle of liquor off of someone, this guy tried to stop it, and all 8 of the girls punched, kicked, and stabbed him to death for it. 2nd Degree Murder for each one of them. For a bottle of liquor.
These people didn't just go from "let's steal a bottle of liquor" to murder in 60 seconds. They wanted to be violent and they found a victim.
Also I'm going to say it as I'm Asian American and have sadly known people who have been randomly attacked by younger people here in the US... so I don't think the victim was random. These teens think Asians are weak and don't fight back and these types of attacks have been escalating.
They definitely targeted him but if you look up the incident they also attacked other random people. It's possible they only stopped to bother him because they thought he was vulnerable and an easy target.
The past couple years have been hell, specifically 2020. I barely leave home these days besides getting groceries. The national reaction to COVID and BLM demolished any social expectation for decency.
I'm sorry I've just seen too many incidents of young people beating the shit out of older Asian people here in the US to just think this is 100% a coincidence.
They saw two Asian people and they assumed these are the type of people we can pick on and won't fight back. So they took her liquor bottle and when he tried to stop them they decided to kill him.
You can put the pieces together here. Ken and this woman were together. His friend is also from a vulnerable community (she is Asian).
They were picking their victims. And I'm going to guess if the victims looked different they may have been more hesitant.
As soon as I heard of this incident I knew the victim was Asian and I would have been very surprised if he wasn't.
He was handed a life sentence in the British Columbia Supreme Court in Vancouver. He will not be eligible for parole for 14 years.
They were searching for a victim and found an older Asian person. Happens all the time here in the US.
Let's call it what it is. As an Asian American StopAsianHate was a thing for about a week, then the attacks started getting worse and the movement just kind of vanished.
This feels like another anti Asian hate crime. I'm Asian American and there are a lot of attacks in the US of teens just randomly attacking older Asian people with very little attention or coverage.
A lot of the other crimes are self reported and after 2020 a lot of people stopped reporting crime, even violent crime.
But murder is always reported. Murder is way up the last two years which makes me skeptical other violent crime is down.