The emphasis on Europeans hating Americans is utterly wrong for major parts of Europe. Sure we do believe the stereotypes about “stupid Americans” but you’re loved as a nation in certain parts. Poland for example is not only so happy to have US military presence but also glorifies America to a major extent. Hell our government will probably bend over backwards to your will. Not to mention we were one of few nations who was spending the established 2% of GDP on military.
USA: hold up, europe needs to be more independent but it doesn't mean you can do this. Buy our stuff.
well, at least many decades. Being independent from the US was the main reason behind De Gaulle choice to leave NATO's integrated command. Chirac in the 90's was already calling for a European defense.
As for Rafale in Europe, they get the (shitty) Eurofighter and the US nuke umbrella included with the F23 so... That sounds logical to go for the F23 (our own nuke umbrella is kinda tiny in comparison). Now, Germany killing common programs on a regular basis is a problem, hope the next gen plane won't end up the same way.
But, to be honest, the whole submarines failure started with Australia asking to mod nuclear submarines into diesel ones, then complaining about the invreasing cost. As if such heavy modifications were easy / quick & costless.
Having small meaningless go-it-alone items like that are just vanity project and lack the economies of scale needed for complex modern military equipment. You need the scale that China, the US, or the whole of Europe signed up before even starting a program. Going it alone and then trying to sell a system like a jet, is just pure program management incompetence in the name of vanity; ie perfectly French.
What the allies need is actually a smaller variety (this is part is debatable) of coordinated equipment (this is not debatable) that ALL participants actively buy and maintain in a more evenly burdensome nature (this part is not debatable).
The "independence" needed is for France to spend 2% of its GDP on readiness in an efficient manner of its own choosing. Not for its makes 100% of its own shit.
Maybe one day. There's talk on the matter. So in the next 50 years eventually, earlier if there's an actual attack against the EU or if the US leave NATO (since apparently major decisions mostly happens during crisis around here).