Belarus has an army that hasn't fought anyone or really upgraded anything since the cold war, if even then. They have like 50k troops who've never seen a day in combat and a bunch of old Soviet shit that probably barely works because they've given all the good stuff to Russia.
Lukashenko is barely holding on to power and needed Russia to bail him out after the last election. The only thing keeping him in power is this army, and Russia's, which indirectly mean that he's beholden to them because there's nowhere else to turn to except for Russia. Compare that to Putin who has many PMC groups and militarized police forces that can be used to ensure that no one military faction can get strong enough to threaten him.
Meanwhile Ukraine has an estimated 1 million men in the army by now, most of which have been battle tested at some point, strong defensive lines and the latest western tech. They've also been fighting in the Donbass on rotation for almost a decade, so they have experience.
It doesn't take a genius to see that the Belarusian army probably made it quite clear that they have no interest in fighting that.
Belarus merely serves as a satellite state of Russia. Most Belarusians are aware of this and are increasingly vocal in their disapproval for it.
With Russia's military strenh all but exhausted, Lukashenko(presumably with Moscow's approval) has made the calculation that he may not be able to count upon their assistance in curbing any escalation in civil unrest caused by increasing Belarus' involvement in the war.
Ukraine started this war with 200k troops, with 400k reserves... Take away their loses of 100k, and you get 500k troops with prior military training.
The other 500k are all conscripts. The west is trying to help train these fresh troops, but not all of them have had time for proper formal training.
The total number of western trained troops only reaches about 15-20k troops so far. Not a significant enough number to change the war.
As for "the latest western tech" that's not even close to true. We've sent them older systems that we could spare. Older APC's, some advanced rocket artillery (Himars) and M777 artillery. There are no stealth fighter jets, and no significant amounts of advanced tanks.
The bayraktar drones have disappeared because they are useless when the Russians have proper Air defence setup, and we still haven't sent any of our more advanced drones either.
You can't on one hand attack Russia for using conscripts, without also recognizing that the majority of the Ukrainian army is also now conscripts/volunteers with no prior military training, or straight up reservists.
The west needs to be supplying tanks and fighter jets to give the Ukrainians any real chance of winning against Russia. Otherwise we're just waiting for another Afghanistan style disaster to take place with airlifts out of Kiev....
There is a huge difference between the two right now. First, the Ukrainian troops are volunteers. Ukraine has mobilized several times but hasn't had to actually force anyone to fight yet because they are more than willing to volunteer to fight for their country. The same is not true if Russia. We've all seen the videos of soldiers grabbing people off the street to conscript them or choosing minorities over Russians in a way that makes them know that they're expendable. The level of morale difference is huge.
Second, Ukraine started mobilizing right away in March and has access to very good trainers. Russia only mobilized recently and was actually sending military trainers and teachers to the front prior to that, which severely depleted their ability to train the conscripts. The fact that Russia, who has fought in a dozen wars in the past few decades is relying on Belarusian trainers, who have fought in zero, is not a good sign. Ukraine has a 6 month head start and much better trainers at their disposal. The two armies are nothing alike.
True, it was more a point on how bad the Belarusian stuff is. Remember, they've been giving lots of stuff to Russia so they probably don't have a lot of their best stuff anymore.
Here's an idea, don't go into a discussion accusing the other side of lying right of the bat. Especially when it's obvious that you just aren't informed on what you are talking about. It makes you look really bad.
Umm, are we watching the same war? Russia is getting pushed back on every front except the meat grinder which is Bakhmut. Ukraine liberated 400+ settlements in the past 3 months and Russia claimed 3. Russia is burning through equipment at an unsustainable rate and is having to buy extra stuff off of Iran and North Korea. Russian support for the war is lower than Ukrainian support for it. Russia failed to win in a surprise attack with their best troops and now has lost over 50% of the land that they held at their peak and are desperately throwing conscripts into the line to try to accomplish anything since last July.
I agree that Ukraine needs everything that we can give them, but if you think that Russia is winning and on the verge of over running the country then I don't even know what to say as you clearly aren't paying attention to what's going on.
If tanks are obsolete why is the US spending billions of dollars developing a new Abrams tank? Why does every army across the world have tank forces...
Just because you say it, doesn't mean it's true... Both Ukraine and Russia have tank forces that are being used effectively... Try attacking a city without an armored vehicle!
You say tanks are obsolete, well then what have they been replaced with? Mass waves of infantry charging at heavily defended positions? Infantry can't carry a 125mm cannon with high explosive ammo that blows through entire buildings in a single shot.
is becoming doesn't mean is. But go ahead and research what's been going on since Feb with tanks. Go ahead and research what the US military is doing with it's projected use of tanks in the battlefield.
Warfare is changing with tech. Tanks are being redesigned to accommodate that change, and from what I've read, are not going to be as integral to a fighting force as they once we're.
Russia has a sizeable presence in Belarus right now, probably for this exact reason and also to train Russian conscripts. Any protest at this point would get put down hard by Russia and they would probably end up conscripting the protestors.
They're probably waiting for the end of the war. If Russia is so beat up that it can't defend Lukashenko, that's when things will get wild.