the point is to still have Russia supply oil but limit their profits. We don't actually want Russia to stop supplying oil because if they do global prices skyrocket. Yet if we limit them to just enough profit so they don't stop we can limit the amount it helps them in their war effort.
Russia doesnt want to stop with supplying. Its not like theres a tap and you can just switch it off. If they dont use it for a prolonged period the results would be catastrophic.
That's untrue... there are only a handful of countries, mainly the EU, that are participating in these oil price caps. The vast majority of emerging economies (like China, India, South Africa, Brazil, etc...) are NOT participating in these oil price caps.
The sanctions are not imposed on countries, but on logistics and insurance companies that are primarily based in Western countries. You can buy the Russian oil as expensive as you want, but good luck to find a ship that will deliver your oil if it is above the price caps price.
Russia announces that any country legislating oil caps will not receive any russian oil, even if it means russia has to reduce production. so much for "Putin wouldn't dare".
and what you are missing is that Putin will have plenty of buyers of russian oil & gas. look at all the countries that have already publicly applied for membership into BRICS.
"If accepted, the new proposed BRICS members would create an entity with a GDP 30% larger than the United States, over 50% of the global population and in control of 60% of global gas reserves.".
I think perhaps you should do some research before just regurgitating fake news propaganda that you see/hear on MSNBC. nobody likes what russia is doing, least of all me, but that's no reason to push blatant misinformation that is at best, wishful thinking and at worst, propaganda.
not to mention that many "neutral" countries are already helping European nations skirt sanctions by simply re-exporting russian oil, india being the most public example of this. all they have to do is slap a "made in india" sticker on imported russian oil and presto! its no longer russian oil. its indian oil now, free to export to any country in the world, neatly sidestepping all sanctions.
extremely naïve of you to think that a common "distaste for US global dominance" is a trivial unifying factor amongst the BRICS nations. perhaps you didn't even read the article i linked above, nor the quote i pulled from that article that says "If accepted, the new proposed BRICS members would create an entity with a GDP 30% larger than the United States, over 50% of the global population and in control of 60% of global gas reserves." that is far from trivial and I hardly believe these nations would announce their application into BRICS publicly if they thought it was doomed to fail.
also, despite escalating sanctions since the breakout of the war, Russia has been increasing its oil exports, both in terms of volume and $.
It's actually not sell at a loss, but sell at just enough profit to keep supplying oil but keep those profits at a minimum. The whole point is to keep them supplying oil to keep global prices down but limit how much money they make for their war effort.