Okay, this is a war. It's obvious that some war crimes will happen on both sides, just like crime happens in all countries, regardless of whether they're paragons of democracy and justice or ruthless totalitarian regimes.
Individual people should be punished for breaking the rules, sure, but the fact that they broke the rules does not absolve Russia from its unprovoked attack. They can just leave and they won't have to complain about alleged mistreatment of their troops.
The Russian troops claimed that they wished to surrender, had not even been taken into custody or been searched yet, and then committed a war-crime (perfidy) by using their "surrender" to attack the Ukrainian troops.
This instantly puts the Russian troops in the situation of being legitimate targets, and the Ukrainian forces opened fire and killed them. Anyone who wants to "investigate" can simply watch the video of the whole event end to end. Very clear-cut case.
It doesn't show the whole incident. And having people lined up on the ground with bullet holes in their skulls points to execution.
Most likely it was that one Russian that wanted to go Rambo and ended up getting his legitimately surrendering unit executed out of retaliation for his actions.
Fact is, there's been a few sites where Ukrainians seem to have committed war crimes, or at least those incidents should be looked into. It doesn't diminish the fact that by comparison Russian crimes are systematic, widespread and have affected thousands and thousands more.
Others are whataboutist, which invoke Bucha, child rape, torture chambers. Which is absolutely understandable, since Ukranian war crimes pale in comparison to what Russians have done. But it's whataboutist nonetheless.
These posts are usually filled with two types of comments. Either they're nihilistic, saying it's what happens in a war, if Russia don't like it, they shouldn't have invaded. Which is ethically a bit selective, but fair enough I guess.
My worry is actually that Zelenskyi will dispute their war crimes, which Putin will love since it now has become a dispute, and he can muddy the waters, which has been always his political tool. Zelenskyi should say yes, we take all war crime incidents seriously --> what is Russia going to say about the systematic torture, rape, abductions and civilian deaths?