In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It would be one thing if a few of those seats were flipped, but a majority in literally every state wide office and all three ballot proposals passing signals that this might be a culture shift.
Democrats in Michigan won virtually everything. Governor, SOS, AG, House, SCOTUS, Schoolboards... and all 3 ballot proposals passed.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It's not a culture shift, it's the results of not being able to choose their voters (gerrymandering). In 2018 Michigan adopted an independent redistricting commission.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Republicans have old outdated views that aren't in sync with the majority of the country. Just look at the popular vote during presidential elections. If it weren't for gerrymandering and the electoral college, republicans would probably never win.
Edit: Actually after reading your post again, you have a point with the state-wide elections and ballot proposals. Seems I glossed over the main point of your post.
I agree it's part of it, but Whitmer won by 10.6 points. That signals a huge change in Michigan. Every county in Michigan had more blue voters than in the past.
Almost every statewide office went blue. Getting rid of gerrymandering helped local and district areas change to what they probably should have been in the past, but people voting in droves for blue statewide offices shows it's a culture shift.
Oh yeah, Michigan Democrats walloped the GOP, all the state level races, control of senate and house, court, trustees, ballot initiatives. Couldn’t have hoped for a better outcome, especially with Democrats controlling things at the national level going into this election.