Don't forget their sponsoring of the Apartheid regime in South Africa by delivering oil in secret during the oil boycott and the murder of thousands in Indonesia post independence, where they supported the murderous regime.
Would be nice if everyone boycotted Shell globally. Instead, people cheer them on with Ferrari's F1 team and similar sponsorships.
The Shell boycotts of the 1980s were not all that successful as well. What had a much bigger impact was that people started torching the gas stations...
Non-violent resistance as the proper way to protest is a dogma that those in power really approve of.
"For I cannot in any case tolerate cowardice. Let no one say when I am gone that I taught the people to be cowards... I would far rather that you died bravely dealing a blow and receiving a blow than died in abject terror...fleeing from battle is cowardice and unworthy of a warrior... cowardice is worse than violence because cowards can never be non-violent.".
So, to fight that system, we dont go to work. This is why we are kept living paycheck to paycheck. It's a treadmill designed to keep people too tired to think, and pursue meaning. Too busy to think. Too distracted by the fear of running out. Poverty is violence against the poor. Life is getting more expensive by the day, and we are not getting out what we put in.
The financial leash makes protesting a "privilege" to the people who can't get free to advocate for themselves. This fractures solidarity between working class folks and keeps us paralyzed in internal conflict. That's the roll of the "culture war".
Nonviolent protests are nonviolent until the powers that be want them gone or contained. Herbert wrote that control is the ability to destroy something. Violence is the tool of controllers, it's the primary language used by authority.
It's all about stoking up fear and distrust of our neighbors, who are the people we would rely upon in a mass emergency situation. forming community aid groups is a great way to help fight that divisiveness.
In reality: of course the house of Orange still own it. The king actively lobbies for the damn company.
When the law was passed that anyone holding more than 5% of the shares of a company had to report this, hundreds of small holding companies were formed by the Royals. Each holding less than 5% of a company, and therefore not obliged to report their possessions.