In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The hundreds of millions of people who were lifted out of abject poverty, with higher life expectancy, a place to live, and the ability to read would agree with me.
Times (7/31/96) continues to describe the gulag as "the largest system of death camps in modern history.".
Yep. West Virginia has quite the radical history for itself around communism, socialism, trade unionism. But much like the rest of this country, it's just a footnote now. And people really wonder why this country looks and functions like it does today? Please.
1939, near the end of the Great Purges, was 2,022,976. At about that time, there began a purge of the purgers, including many intelligence and secret police (NKVD) officials and members of the judiciary and other investigative committees, who were suddenly held responsible for the excesses of the terror despite their protestations of fidelity to the regime.
arrested for political crimes ("counterrevolutionary offenses") numbered from 12 to 33 percent of the prison population, varying from year to year. The vast majority of inmates were charged with nonpolitical offenses: murder, assault, theft, banditry, smuggling, swindling, and other violations punishable in any society.
In any case, the killings of political opponents were not in the millions or tens of millions—which is not to say that the actual number.
Total executions from 1921 to 1953, a thirty-three year span inclusive, were 799,455. No breakdown of this figure was provided by the.
records concluded that the number of victims were far less than usually claimed in the West. This finding is ridiculed by anticommunist.