Why should the state subsidize films that negatively portray it? Freedom of speech is a great thing, but it should be done on their own dime.
If anything, there should be no subsidies for any films, the state should not be involved in artistic expression.
Because if you've got nothing to hide there's no reason to defund documentary creators, and if you have committed crimes it's best for a democracy to bring these crimes to light.
It's like asking why would a country have free press, or why journalists should be rewarded if they expose government crimes and flaws.
And there are movies like that that are state-funded. The problem with this ones is the clear bias against Israel that is shown in the movies themselves.
If it was a documentary searching for answers about what happened at place X, where some people claim a massacre happened - it's one thing.
But it's all the other when the movie calls the state itself murderers, calls it's soldiers terrorists for defending their homes and families, and shows only part of the story that shows the state in a bad light. Nothing in this screams like free speech - more like propaganda for the enemy of the state.
A country should certainly have free press, but it does not mean that it needs to have state-funded press, or state-funded movies. It does not matter whether it is pro-government speech or anti-government speech, the job of the state is to not get in people's way if they want to express themselves, no more, no less.
That is not what they're saying. They are saying let's defund anyone who doesn't create state propaganda. Or if the documentary portrays the state (government) in a bad light. Also this is a first step on the road to Fascism.
Apparently also breathing is the first step on the road to fascism, like everything today when you talk about Israel, for some reason.
Would you say the same, if for example the USA wouldn't want to fund a movie that talks about how Al Qaeda had to do the 9/11 terror attack or how it was something good, for example?
2. countries who do well allow and support freedom of expression of its journalists creators and artists. This should be celebrated rather than frowned upon. If there are any lies being told in said documentaries. Well…there are courts for that (unless those are corrupted).
3. No state should fund any form of bias either way. Countries who intervene in freedoms or take previous freedoms away is not a good road to follow. Countries like Russia or Turkey are more apt comparisons in that regard.