Indeed! Any participation of Russia in competitions has been used by Putin to push their propaganda further.
Also, as far as i know, participation of russians in big competitions, sports or not, is very profitable for Russia as well (so it ends up profiting more violence in Ukraine).
I'd say any non participation of Russia in competition has much more positive effect for Putin. It enrages general public and unites against the west. Even though I don't care for sports I have a feeling of being slightly annoyed by this. I can imagine how general sports fan sees this.
Oh, you're right... the world is currently in a very complicated situation. While banning russian competitors enrages some of the general public (and spreading the "west is russophobic" propaganda), allowing russian competitors means Putin can take profit from these competitions as well.
I'm Russian and I can tell it IS used as a propaganda tool, but it seems for me it's more because Russian Athletes are being denied. I don't care about sports much at all but now all I hear is how evil west is denying Russian Athletes and barring them from competition. I can't imagine how can this measure help except to alienate Russian public from the west more and help Russian propaganda. I'm strongly against collective responsibility. I mean it's fine if you deny war participants or famous politicians, forbid political statements during competitions, but just for being Russian? I don't understand that.
The difference is that competing under the country's flag has an implicit support of the country. That's why the US has had athletes on its national team speaking up or abstaining over police violence. Most of these competitions still allow the athletes to compete under a neutral/world flag. But allowing them to compete under the Russian flag at a time people are committing unspeakable atrocities under it, it's inappropriate.
Country flag not always change with country policy. My flag represents my nation, not my government. And my nation did not commit any atrocities. To tell Putin he is a jerk you don’t need to burn Russian flag, you need to tell Putin he is a jerk. Using neutral flag or national flag should be up to athletes to decide. In my opinion ofc.
Have you been facing more hate in recent times purely because of your origin? I see it happening around Europe a lot lately. Harder for people to open bank accounts or keep existing ones, same with housing.
I don't understand the mentality of making all accountable. You even put word ALL in caps. Those who used illicit sunstances should be banned. Others - should not. You can't say all black people are bad if one of them commited a crime can't you?
So if some black people systematically break the law, let's treat them all as criminals? It's exactly the same logic. The corelation is not causation. Do a doping checks better, ban doping users. Leave the nation out of it.
It's very hard to understand what word "support the war means". Lets look at the example. I am Ivan and I don't support war. And my neighbor vlad supports war and even tatooed big fat letter Z on his left arm. I work for respectible company and I publically say that I don't support war (in fac I do not support war, I strongly believe it could have been avoided). However I pay more in taxes per month then some people make in a year and my friend Vlad, who wears big Z don't even have a job. Now suddenly despite whatever I say or state I am actually very tangibly support war with actual money, where my friend is just a dead weight. Support is relative. And wearing certain flag has nothing to do it.
Those who make political statements at the games should be banned. But you can't judge those who did nothing wrong based on the feeling of "errosion". That's my point of view.
Well I am this Ivan. Now try to understand - I speak fluent english but my family - don't. My education and work experience isn't being recognized outside my country. I have two children to support and feed. Imagine me moving from owning a property, having a respectable job to somwhere where my children won't be even able to communicate with other people? Also despite not agreeing with the general direction of my government - I did not vote for Putin, I still respect the fact that people like Vlads happily voted him into his presidency and I see a good reason why (because Vlads have it much easier life to live). I absolutely believe that war could and should have been avoided, war is a terrible tragedy yet and nobody sane (even soldiers, and generals) would rather not fight. Yet no matter what my views are - I have to obey the laws, I have to pay taxes just as anyone in US who voted for the government that lost an election.
It's not seen as wrong to protest. There is even a pretty well written procedure on how to organize peaceful protest. You are safe from detainment or arrest if you simply follow it. And the best thing there is no legal framework that forbids peaceful protest, just puts a certain limitations on it (like you can't block god damn roads without prior negotiation, you need to prepare a formal notice etc.). I have seen many protests that went fine without anyone being detained.
And you know this how exactly? I have a personal phone number of my local representative, and attened some meetings personally. I have seen other people on those meetings.
I believe you should only fight within the fundamental legal framework which starts from constitution. But that's me.
It is for me as a citezen. Can't say for everyone, but I believe there was some court cases in constitutional court that has been won and lost. I'm not familiar with the matter enough to debate outside of my persona.
If you want to discuss if Russia is democracy or not we need to first come to an agreement what is democracy in it's core. My answer will depend on that. I have a feeling we are understanding this term differently.
Took me some time to realize you speak about TV. Since I have a freedom not to watch it or watch anything at all. I use this right all the time and refrain from watching it or any other huge network station even though I have access to any TV in the entire wide world using my internet connection. In other words I have a right to pick the sources of information. From what I see I can say most of big networks are incredibly biased and absurd no matter if it's Russia-1, Russia-24, CNN, BBC, FOX etc.
I did not notice such propaganda. But to be fair I did not notice propaganda that engaged political activity as well (except when there is a vote - during the vote they are practically dragging me to voting station - they even make calls asking me if I have casted my vote yet, making a voters lottery and shit).