Kidnapping children, mass-murdering townspeople, draining a critical drink water and irrigation dam, using thermobaric weapons, indiscriminate shelling, targeting of civilian infrastructure, sending waves of its own citizens into a pointless meat grinder….
And that’s just this war - let’s not forget about MH17, numerous war crimes in Syria, destabilising Moldova, propping up violent dictators, interfering with foreign elections, conducting ransomware attacks around the world and even something as infantile and petty as cheating in sport. I'm sure I forgot a few, and the list goes on and on and on...
"BuT aMerICa". Whatever America did wrong does not excuse what Russia is doing now. They're different countries, different situations, different wars. If you want to talk about America's historical wrongdoings, find another thread.
The Russian state in its current form has lost the right to have its concerns heard and considered. “Downsizing” is not enough. The West need to give its citizens an ultimatum to leave Russia and cut all ties with this regime.
Consequences be damned, it is time for a full, complete and unequivocal diplomatic and economical boycott of Russia and anyone who still does business with them.
The problem is if you still have citizens there or Russian citizens in your country, you don’t want to strand them completely.
Again, give them an ultimatum. Get out by X or you’re on your own. People who are still in Russia now have made their bed and can go lie in it as far as I’m concerned.
It is also used as a means to tie industries together in order to make war impossible. As we have seen however, putin will choose poverty in order to pursue his rampage.
The Dutch government claims the Russians where being difficult about allowing more Dutch diplomats. And to me 10 people sounds like a tiny amount to serve a embassy and a consulate. But 58 people sounds like a lot. I get it that they now only allow the same amount of Russian diplomats as Dutch diplomats in Russia.
Embassies are reciprocal and allows foreign countries to connect directly with people. If nl closes the ru emb, ru will close nl. NL will lose boots on the ground and Ru will do whatever they want in-country without external interference.
According to there where 58 russian diplomats left in the Netherlands after the last time all spies were expelled. As a reaction they expelled the same amount of Dutch diplomats which left only 10 in Russia .