One flaw of a market economy that isn't closed to outside business is that other countries can buy certain parts of your strategic infrastructure.
>In June the Office of Censorship asked newspapers and broadcasters to avoid discussing "atom smashing, atomic energy, atomic fission, atomic splitting, or any of their equivalents. The use for military purposes of radium or radioactive materials, heavy water, high voltage discharge equipment, cyclotrons." The office also asked to avoid discussion of "polonium, uranium, ytterbium, hafnium, protactinium, radium, rhenium, thorium, deuterium"; only uranium was sensitive, but was listed with other elements to hide its importance.
In a signal of deepening cracks inside Germany's ruling coalition, Economy Minister Robert Habeck on Tuesday submitted a proposal for the government to block the sale of Dortmund-based microchip factory Elmos.
German Economy Minister Robert Habeck wants to stop the sale of a chip production plant to a Chinese investor. The Green Party politician has expressed concern about giving China control over key infrastructure.
The development follows apparent discord in the Cabinet over the degree of reliance that Germany has on Beijing.
However, Germany's Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action, headed by Green Party politician Habeck, is against the sale. A source at the ministry told the AFP news agency that the acquisition would "constitute a threat to public order and... security.".
Not the same with Russia - doing business with them while they're doing what they're doing would be sickening. If China invades Taiwan and attack civilians, also doing business with China should be over.
Sweden-based Silex, a unit of Chinese company Sai MicroElectronics, is seeking to take over the chip firm Elmos.
Silex is seeking to buy the Elmos site for some €85 million (just under $85 million). The move could see the German firm end production and simply sell Silex-made chips to its clients.
Habeck is reportedly critical of takeovers in the field of semiconductor manufacturing and chip production. The sector is particularly sensitive, with German automakers badly hit last year by a global shortage of chips because of supply chain problems.
"The ministry has therefore suggested that the federal cabinet prohibits the acquisition of Elmos," the source was cited as saying.
Germany's domestic intelligence agency has also reportedly cited concerns, even though the German firm's technology is not reported to be state-of-the-art.
A split in the Cabinet about overreliance on China emerged notably over the sale of part of the port of Hamburg to Chinese state shipping company Cosco.
Center-left Social Democrat Chancellor Olaf Scholz defied calls from six ministries — citing security concerns — to veto the sale, instead allowing Cosco to purchase a reduced stake. Both the Green Party and the neoliberal Free Democrats, junior coalition members, had expressed opposition to the sale in its original form.
Eventually, the sale to Cosco was approved in a compromise arrangement that saw the Chinese giant able to acquire a stake of just 24% compared with the planned 35%.
Habeck and other ministers from the two junior coalition parties have warned that it is unwise to make Germany more dependent on China at a time when it is weaning itself off energy imports from Russia.
German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, a member of Scholz's Social Democrats, has said Germany must "learn lessons" from the stand-off with Moscow. Steinmeier has himself faced criticism for pursuing closer economic ties with Moscow during his time as Germany's foreign minister.
The point is to not allow China to control key portions of the economy before something happens, so you don't face as many negative repercussions if you decide to sanction/stop doing business with another country.
It's like right now, Germany is facing an energy crisis because they allowed Russia to become such an important part of their energy sector.
To be honest, I don't find a German article about the sale being irrelevant to be particularly convincing. After all, their business with Russia probably seemed irrelevant to them. That is until it suddenly became very relevant.