In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Which is done through gerrymandering, voter suppression, AND the Dems not really listening to voices in the most impoverished BIPOC communities. Many of the most marginalized in this country often rarely see a change in their lives whether it’s a blue or red administration. I will always advocate for folks to vote and will always do so myself, but for the first time in my adult life I think I can finally grasp and feel empathy for the generational burnout felt by marginalized communities which leads them to feel their votes don’t matter.
I encourage you to instead listen to those who many not look and live like you to learn and not to just respond. Hear them out and if you are in a position to level with these communities and engage with them to have breakthrough conversations, then more power to you. (Edit to add: canvassing is a great method to volunteer with here).
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Nah. Are the the democrats doing enough? No. Do they implement incremental improvements that benefit us? Yes. Compared to the Republicans to seek to strip away our social safety nets and feed us bodily to corporations while disenfranchising us with the ultimate goal of seeing us dead or imprisoned, they're pretty fucking alright. I have zero sympathy for those who don't vote because the democrats aren't "good enough." Fuck you, apathy is siding with the enemy.
This what we should be doing with our spare time in between voting seasons. We should also, in turn, stay loud with those we voted for as advocates for marginalized communities as they are already burnt out on working to survive every day.
Thats all well and good, but excusing apathy because of it has serious "white people are only voting for fascists because of economic anxiety" energy.
I think my advocacy work with marginalized communities is standing by those I vote for on the left. If I can help individuals recognize the importance of voting and do so compassionately and with empathy while also encouraging the good guys to do better, how is that de facto standing by the fascists?
By the way, most marginalized communities do not stand by and not vote because they think white people are only voting fascists. They don’t pay much energy to people who are currently voting but instead look inwardly at their own generational situations and think ‘if things have been the same for us since my grandfather or my great-grandfather’s time, then why should I vote?’.
The conversations that include ‘why vote because they’re all fascists’ more often than not stem from primarily white neo-anarchists and libertarians, NOT marginalized communities. The two are often not inclusive of the other.
There is no excuse. The battle lines are clearly drawn, and we all know who the psychos are. If you're not standing against them, you are de facto standing with them.
I never really thought about it. I mean, why wouldn’t you vote? Then I had a black man explain it to me like this, at no point in the history of the United States has there been a four year period where the administration was either Democrat or Republican that made you say, “Yeah, the blacks really had it made then.” That shit hit hard.