In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Thoughtfully and strategically constructed legislation is another rung on the ladder of progress. It may not get us to the height we aim for, but it gets us a little higher to reach the next step.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It... really isn't bullet-proof except on the federal level. Many states still ban gay marriage and would likely dissolve marriages done since gay marriage was legalized.
It doesn't hurt that gay marriage is widely supported, even by Republicans, so Republicans killing it would be a black eye for them.
The obvious answer is that they made it easy to swallow and bulletproof. We're not trying to end homophobia with this law, we're trying to protect LGBT and interracial marriages today so that the Supreme Court can't take the right away as they have signalled they will.
You misunderstand the law then. States can only ban issuing new marriage licenses. They cannot dissolve existing marriages and they must recognize legal gay and interracial marriages at the state level from other US states, and those recognized federally. This means that states that ban gay marriage still have to fulfill all spousal rights of gay marriages.
This protects every existing gay and interracial marriage in the US as well as protects every gay and interracial marriage in the future. Yes, there is still work to be done to get those other states to allow gay and interracial marriages, but that will either require a social change to vote in better politicians, or a constitutional change to eliminate any gray area with the first amendment.
Yes, but are people seriously gonna look at the shit they pass and allow now and tell me they aren't gonna try that? It sounds like those people who swear birth control isn't a legal issue when they are trying for any law to disallow it as is.