Ballistic missiles are any missile that is long range and follows a mostly normal ballistic trajectory.
Iran has a ton of them made domestically. They used them to hit US bases in retaliation for the killing of their general and have used them several times to hit sites in northern Iraq.
Russia also uses a lot of non-nuclear ballistic missiles like the Iskanders ( they've been using against Ukraine.
I assume they're running out and due to sanctions are lacking the ability to mass produce new ones, so they are going to Iran, just like they did for the kamikaze drones.
Russia produced their weapons with imported materials and electronics. Due to sanctions they cannot keep up with even pre-war production numbers, let alone the numbers needed to fuel an ongoing war.
Yeah, I think this is the biggest issue. Current Russian missiles are based on Western tech. With the sanctions regime that's been implemented that tech import has slowed to a trickle. Russia can still produce its missiles but at a fraction of what it used to. Their stockpile is running their rate of use far exceeds their new production capacity.
Iran, on the other hand, has developed its missile program entirely under sanctions and has built up a considerable stockpile. These missiles aren't as accurate as a US counterpart might be, but there at least as accurate as what Russia is firing right now and Russia doesn't even really need that much accuracy.
Russia could trade Iran some S-400s and some SU-35s for a bunch of older ballistic missiles. Iran does make a clone of the Kh-55 cruise missile that Russia might be interested in as well.
Russia also cannot readily replace S-400s or SU-35s. Which means Iran also wouldn't be able to service that equipment because they are also under sanctions.
Iran's very good at evading sanctions. They're still flying F-4 Phantoms and F-14 Tomcats 44 years after sanctions were implemented. It would be tough to replace any of the modern electronics in the SU-35s but the parts most likely to fail are wear and tear components. Iran can procure those directly from Russia or manufacture them themselves.
Iran is certainly the nation that has the most experience, and the most success, evading US sanctions.