In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
North Carolina is practically an even split between parties, you can also count on one hand the number if Republican governors they've had in the last 100 yrs. They also have had Democratic AG for decades.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Ok but then where do they win more House and Senate seats from? Losing those Florida House seats in particular hurts. Giving up on places just means limiting options for bigger or more stable majorities.
Florida is super expensive it's been getting redder in spite of the hundreds of millions of dollars that have been pumped in there.
Those states are generally gerrymandered much like Florida. It's as tough to win Texas as Florida honestly. Ultimately Dems will need to coordinate grassroots campaigns with massive money sinks in those states, too. And Texas in particular still has not returned any help for the Dems in the Senate.
Right now, Dems hold both NV and AZ seats for the Senate, and likely they'll hold both GA ones. If they want to gain more seats, either in Texas, NC, or Florida, they'll have to make real adjustments based on local demographics one way or another.
Also I use the term money sink because I see florida as a waste of money. They've been electing Republicans state wide by bigger and bigger margins, their last 4 governors have been Republicans, and the fact it's a retirement location a lot of older conservatives have made it a stronghold.
They lost that county based on one thing, the Latin vote who believed the crap and nonsense that the GOP was spreading that Socialism is the same as Communism which is what ruled the countries they left. What the Dems need to do is change tbe narrative, that the countries they left weren't socialist, they were ruled by dictators/authoritarians who said they would fix everything and then took everything. Show how those people are the same as the DeSantis's, the Trumps and all the people that are using them to try and take more and more of their freedoms they act like they are defending.
Dictatorships and authoritarian regimes, socialism taking money giving it to those in power while the people are forced to leave cause they can't eat and live.
North Carolina is practically an even split between parties, you can also count on one hand the number if Republican governors they've had in the last 100 yrs. They also have had Democratic AG for decades.
Also I use the term money sink because I see florida as a waste of money. They've been electing Republicans state wide by bigger and bigger margins, their last 4 governors have been Republicans, and the fact it's a retirement location a lot of older conservatives have made it a stronghold.