In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Then when it comes time, he steps aside, and there's a candidate who hasn't had years of focused attack ads and opposition research ready to go.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Qualified doesn't mean good President. Mitch McConnell is very qualified to be President and he's basically a Michael Myers spawn of Satan. (not comparing Hillary to him, to be clear) Someone can be very qualified but evil af.
Pretending that he's going to run is a good play for now. It keeps the attention (and attacks) focused on him. It means all the GOP prep-work done for running is focused on running against him.
This has happened on three separate occasions now, and each time the Democratic Party goes back to the Hillary well it ends disasterously.
Life isn't a meritocracy; there are so many highly-qualified people who fail at their endeavors because they can't get along with others well enough -- success requires both hard skills and soft skills, and while Hillary has an abundance of hard skills, her "soft" social skills are lacking and this deficiency trips her up every time.
Democrats need to move on from Hillary and coalesce behind someone with a lot more charisma -- lack of charisma was a primary factor in the losses of Gore, Kerry and Hillary, and abundance of charisma a major factor in the wins of Bill Clinton, GW Bush, Obama, Trump and Biden.
I really wish people who are fans of Hillary (for the record, I am not) would defend her on her merits of policy and aptitude instead of the "qualified" stuff. Aside from "qualification" to be Prez being somewhat subjective, it's damning with faint praise. It's like saying a movie is "the most passable" film. Or Niceguys saying "I'm a nice guy, so I deserve a date/sex". I should hope a Presidential candidate is at least qualified. That's the bare minimum floor.
Polls keep showing that a not insignificant amount do, although thankfully the minority. It feels like Democrats who are Obama superfans who also want the first woman President to tick off a box on a checklist of historical firsts are the ones who want that. Or Democrats who are Obama superfans and badly want him back, so they hope against hope it will happen to have him back in Office in a constitutionally acceptable manner.
Michelle Obama has zero interest in being a politician, she's a businesswomen and always has been. Not to mention it would reek of a political dynasty like was the case with Hillary. Thankfully there's no real chance of this scenario happening.