It's time for NATO to carry out offensive cyberattacks against Russia. Russia has been cyber-attacking NATO countries for years and NATO does nothing. It's time to deter those assholes. Shut down Russia's power grid or something.
Nah. Hack their television stations. Set every channel to broadcast video showing the devastation in Ukraine, as well as what's happening to their own soldiers. Show the Russian people how much senseless loss of life has occurred as a direct result of Putin's genocidal campaign.
Most people in this world just want to live their lives in peace. They don't want to be disturbed, or have their quiet lives interrupted. If that means responding positively to polls about war acceptance in a regime as oppressive as Russia's? I have no doubt that many would voice their favor. They're made to feel isolated there. Alone.
But shatter that peace. Show them that their fathers, husbands, brothers, and sons have been dying in service of atrocities... Prove to them that their families have been shattered by this madman's campaign... Give all the people of Russia the dose of cold hard truth they have so long been denied...
You can be very sure that NATO has holes into pretty much every Russian network ready if shit hits the fan.
I have to at least hope that would wake them up. Something needs to be done to coerce the Russian people to seize power back from Putin's regime. Because if Nato has to get directly involved, many MANY more people are going to die.
It’s not about not wanting to fight back. It’s more a matter of not exposing the holes that the west have into the networks over shutting down a website. Much more damage can be done if it’s needed at any point.
Not really. It’s a childish hack from Russia. They’re just throwing tantrums cause things aren’t working out for them.
This particular hack may be childish, but they have carried out many hacks that had serious consequences, like interfering with elections, shutting down oil pipelines, and things like that.