If the west stops dragging their feet and arms Ukraine to the teeth with much longer range precision artillery and a lot more armor, they can take Crimea by the end of the year.
I tried explaining the logistics (not to mention the cost) of sending a first rate Main Battle Tank halfway across the world to people who have no experience with one and what that kind of timeline looks like. They don't want to hear it. If their head lines aren't filled with 'X sends Y amount of Z' to Ukraine, they think the west is just sitting on their hands.
Also what other supplies need to be sent? e.g. I know Poland has nightmarish logistics because they maintain a million different kinds of tanks which aren't built according to the same conventions.
I know there has to be training, but what specifically would be different on a tank-by-tank basis that has to be taught?
Right now, soldiers are being moved between Ukraine and Europe for training. That training is ranging between 7-11 weeks depending on what they are training on.
To put that in perspective, I trained with LAV's, and the basic course at Combat School was three months. That course is the first of three, though training never really ends. There's training to use the vehicle. Training to use it in a unit of others. Training to use it in combined arms with Infantry and Artillary...the list goes on. Basically, the Ukrainians are cramming all that into one course and then going to war.
There's just not the vehicle itself, either. There's all the spare parts and tools (not to mention computers) and ammunition. Mind you, that's just to fight with this thing. Something like a Leopard or an Abrams or a Bradley requires maintenance and repair, which is normally in itself a whole other bag of worms. All of this costs money.
Then if you get into jets....1 hour of flight equals 20 hours of maintenance. The people who work on them HAVE to know their shit. A tank breaks down and its a lawn ornament. A jet does that, and it falls out of the sky.