In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It appears no one wants to be left holding the bag on whatever possible fallout awaits the reported federal investigation into George Santos’ campaign finance filings—and that includes George Santos.
Chaos followed a blitz of amended Federal Election Commission filings on Tuesday, which among other things included changes in the source of what the campaign had previously listed as loans taken out of Santos’ “personal funds.” And as federal investigators reportedly probe the Santos campaign’s books, the revelations could carry profound implications for Santos’ “self-funded” political run.
Asked Wednesday why his loans were no longer attributed to his personal funds, Santos appeared to deflect.
“Sir—let’s make it very clear: I don’t amend anything, I don’t touch any of my FEC stuff, right?” Santos told CNN reporter Manu Raju. “So don’t be disingenuous and report that I did because you know that every campaign hires fiduciaries.”.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Santos added that he was “not aware” of why his filings were revised, and promised “an answer for the press regarding the amendments.”.
As for the question at the heart of the amendments—the origin of Santos’ loans—Raju wrote on Twitter that Santos “refused to explain” the source of money.
Later that day, however, the campaign appeared to change the “fiduciaries” that it had hired. And yet, that change was in turn contradicted by the new treasurer, who apparently never agreed to the new job.
In a way that shows how far the technologies themselves have come, in a way that is sufficiently convincing to my grandma, in a way that news analysts will say is noteworthy. Not on an absolute level.