In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Let's be honest, Fox News isn't a news organization, it's a right-wing propaganda machine. They peddle fear, outrage, and misinformation to their viewers on a daily basis, all in the name of advancing a political agenda. True journalism involves seeking out the facts and reporting them objectively, but Fox News is more interested in pushing a particular narrative than in informing the public. It's time we stopped treating them as a legitimate news source and started calling them out for what they really are.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It’s much more than media literacy. The contagion has infected their churches, their culture, their online lives…people who never even watch the news can still get swept up in it.
Unfortunately, 54% of Americans 16 and up fail to possess the literacy skills we test sixth-graders for.
And generally speaking, the further geographically South you go in the US, the less literate folks are.
However, as a whole, the contagion that has infected their churches, their culture, their social media, boils down to failed media literacy at the source, and is propagated by their pastors, their friend groups, their facebook communities, all of whom have failed their respective critical thinking checks, and display less-than-basic media literacy.
Because the folks that think Fox News is now too "liberal" and "anti-Trump", are the same kind of folks that are likely very profitable company to keep, based on the ads for hokey snake oil supplements, gold/silver, NFTs and the like.
I don't think even the Newsmax folks even believe the nonsense they peddle. I think they're just trying to turn a quick buck from the folks that now think that Fox News is too "liberal".
Well, duh. The hosts and execs live in enormous, lavish homes, in big, liberal cities, in big, liberal states.
Because if I'm taking something that's supposed to make my body/mind function better, "average WalMart shopper" is not a benchmark that anyone should aspire to, much less spend money to achieve.
I'll never understand how "it's the number one selling supplement at WalMart" is an advertisement, and not a searing indictment.
Fox News has convinced the poor working class to vote against their own economic self interests by blaming immigrants, minorities, and the 'liberal elite' for their struggles. Despite policies that favor the wealthy, they've managed to sway many.
Why would they believe what the poors believe? They've no interest in the poors, beyond keeping them upset at the other poors in the other political party.
Because an example of an "open border" would be crossing from say, San Francisco to Sausalito. Or from Dallas, to Fort Worth. Or from Denver, to Colorado Springs.