How would a team like yours go about investigating the level of Murdoch-owned media outlet coordination happening in uK, Australia and America to push harmful political agendas through the use of disinformation (eg climate change denialism, Brexit disinformation, Jan 6 disinformation)?
Either way, working in the media industry, you wouldn't really go down the route of pointing fingers directly. You would just say the truth and hope that prevails. However viewers have their own biases so the factual truth may not be theirs. The only way to stand out is just say facts as much as possible. Once you go down the route of directly pointing fingers you stop the goal being facts for the better of society - it also gives more power to those voices.
Thanks for great, reasonable reply. I was thinking wsj, fox ENTERTAINMENT masquerading as news, and doesn't he own a huge paper in Australia plus other "smaller" properties as they like to call them (in the biz) ?
I don't think it's the US looking to find a way to disengage; Biden just asked Congress for another emergency aid package for Ukraine 2 days ago, this time 37 billion. It might have been Ukraine's, zelenskyy has said they wouldn't deny that and would formally apologize, they just haven't seen the data that the US and Poland are looking at (at least at the time of that statement). US could be trying to de-escalate, I don't know, or it could really have been Ukraine's. It wouldn't change the fact that all parties still agree that Russia is ultimately responsible. And even still, it isn't as if Poland is being aggressive and demanding NATO boots on the ground (and neither is Ukraine for that matter). A call for article 5 would need to come from the country attacked, and Poland has only said they want to issue article 4, which is just a discussion involving all parties. I feel like every one here is being reasonable, given what info each party has at hand at any given time so far.
The only Americans who want to disengage or pullback from supporting Ukraine are right to far right politicians/talking heads - don Jr recently tweeted something like, "now that we know the missile was Ukraine's can we please stop giving them billions of dollars?!” like the petulant moron that he is, and that's basically the sentiment from his side of the political spectrum, and they're not even close to any kind of majority opinion. The US Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Milley has said multiple times that the US will continue to support Ukraine as best as it can for as long as it takes, and the majority agree with this.