Russian forces appear to be out of Iranian-made drones that have been used in recent weeks to terrorize Ukrainian cities and civilians, Western officials say.
One unnamed Western official said Tuesday that while Moscow has run out of the Iranian drones, it still anticipates "a resupply," according to an ABC News report. The comments come amid a drop in usage for the deadly systems.
US officials had warned over the summer that Iran was preparing to send drones to Russia, and then the weapons first saw battlefield action in early September. These weapons included the Shahed-136, Shahed-129, Shahed-191, and Qods Mohajer-6 and were used in "hundreds" of attacks against Ukraine in the following weeks, Britain's defense ministry said.
Yevgeny Silkin, a top Ukrainian military official, said recently that Russia had stopped using Iranian-made drones because they don't work in cold weather, noting that they are constructed using plastic and other materials that are not resistant to frost.
Britain's defense ministry shared in a late-November intelligence update that there had been no public reports of "one way attack" (OWA) drone strikes since November 17, a reference to the Iranian-made explosive suicide drone Shahed-136 that became a weapon of choice for Russian President Vladimir Putin's forces.
"Russia has likely very nearly exhausted its current stock, but will probably seek resupply," Britain's defense ministry said at the time. "Russia can probably procure UAVs from overseas more rapidly than it can manufacture new cruise missiles domestically.".
Given Iran can't be trusted, i expect there to be more drones. But if there are no more drones, I would think they were telling the truth this one time or why else would they stop sending drones to Russia?
The top US intelligence official, Director of National Intelligence Avril Haines said recently that Russia is burning through its munitions stockpiles faster than it can replenish them. Drones are a cheaper alternative.
Although the Shahed-136 is referred to as a drone, it's actually a long-range loitering munition — meaning it can fly around like a drone and linger over a target area. Once on site, these systems can be directed at specific targets, fly straight into them, and detonate upon impact — thus leading people to refer to them as suicide or kamikaze drones.
Most notable of the weapons has been the Shahed-136, which Russian forces have used to terrorize Ukrainian cities in attacks against the country's civilian areas, civil infrastructure, and energy grid.
These 440-pound weapons are relatively slow, fly at low altitudes, and carry a small explosive payload, according to Western intelligence. Despite this, when launched in swarms these systems can cause considerable damage.
It's not immediately clear how many Iranian-made drones Russia had in it's arsenal. Media reports citing Ukraine say the figure appeared to be in the thousands.
Aside from reaching out to Iran, Russia — facing crippling international sanctions — has also sought military assistance from North Korea. US officials have said previously that Moscow's search for help among pariah states such as these is a sign of Putin's desperation.
This means that if Russia suddenly has many more Iranian made drones, it's certain they were recently shipped and would essentially confirm Iran did provide those drones after the war started. If there are no more Iranian made drones for the rest of the war, then perhaps Iran was telling the truth.
Which is why i expect there to be more drones! But if there are no more drones, I would think they were telling the truth this one time or why else would they stop sending drones to Russia?
To be fair, Iran has been kind of busy lately with their own self-created problems, where they suddenly find themselves worried about getting gaddafi'd.
Perhaps, but they got a lot of bad press about the drones ending up in Ukraine. They may just feel that they don't need the additional PR hit now, when their bullshit system could fall like a house of cards.