In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
You only think people are "good" because you lower your standards to those of the people you already like. I won't lower my standards - I shouldn't have to, especially considering everyone holds me up to standards they could never live to themselves. Why do you all get to beat me for not being perfect yet I can't do anything if you don't live to any standards at all?
i lost all my 'friends' back in high school because I stopped doing drugs. Only a few stuck around until they had kids and then had one left.
i lost my last 'close' friend because of trump. he went to the jan 6th riot. He was sending me videos and shit. I called him a traitor. He started insulting me. We haven't talked since.
Not the same path as you but a similar end road. Look at it this way. Nothing holding you back from doing new things now. No bullshit like “nah man that’s stupid I don’t want to go do (insert activity)”. You are all in the clear to meet new people and do the things you want to try. Kinda liberating what you look at the opportunities.
Except for the fact that the new people will be just as bad as the old people because all people mirror each other. Then the new people will stop you from doing everything you want just like the old people did.
There are no "good" people - the fact that one has to "sift through" anything only belabors the point. Good people make themselves available - they don't hide, especially from a young child being publicly abused and neglected.
Also, this analogy is asinine - people aren't restaurants, and five-year-old children shouldn't have to search a phone book to find someone who won't beat them over the head with a two-by-four. What ability do you think a kindergartner has to "sift through" multiple counties' worth of people?
The fact is, so-called "good" people didn't do what they needed to do to qualify as "good" when they needed to do it, and nothing they can do now can redeem themselves because the damage is done and permanent.
They are freaks; they know that they are freaks, and are trying to "normalize" being their type of freak. It won't happen - they have severe mental issues.