I don't get it. The Germans have sent artillery, and AA but won't agree for other countries to send tanks. Not even need to send their own. Do they not understand the principle of collective defence? If Russia wants to start any shit on any NATO country then they are involved.
I get the feeling that if things really do go down ww3 route I get the feeling the Germans will just roll over.
"The impression that has occasionally arisen, that there is a closed coalition and Germany was standing in the way, this impression is wrong.".
It's not just Germany, there are other countries voicing concerns and I think even the US has reservations. There's got to be reasons they're not being public about.
US doesn't have reservations about tanks going. US officials all the way up to the SecDef have called for tanks to go over.
US has logistical reservations about M1 Abrams going, because Ukraine can't maintain them, given the gas turbine engine that no one in the Ukrainian Army have worked on. They can be trained on them, but it'll be months on end before they're ready to deploy them, and Ukraine needs tanks they can utilize in the next few days/weeks to start counter offenses.
Leopard 2s make near infinitely more sense there, given everyone in the Ukrainian Army's motor pool knows how to work on a diesel engine. Hell, Ukraine quite literally made their own T-80 variants (T-80UD, T-80BVD) to have diesel engines (hence the D in the name), specifically because they didn't want to deal with the T-80's gas turbine engine...
For winter/spring Ukrainian offenses, there is quite literally no valid option beyond Leopard 2s unfortunately. Not enough Challenger 2s, Leclercs, and Arietes to do it without taking effectively all of them ever made.
Tanks must be moved long distances on specially designed, usually modified rail cars. They really don't handle long periods of engine strain well (and that would raise the question of who exactly would drive them), which is the only way to avoid what would happen the minute they start sending those tanks in, which is the railroads get utterly destroyed to prevent it. Which is a bit of a problem when that's the only way to move freight and large numbers of people securely in and out of Ukraine at the moment.
And, there's not really any great solution that doesn't involve using NATO assets directly (because we have all the fun air defense that is in the hemisphere in question) to protect the transport, which can and would result in NATO being attacked, because air defense is inherently imperfect. Thus escalating the conflict from proxy to just direct conflict.
Edit: to be extremely clear, this is just someone who has heard how you transport tanks over long distance, as well as protect against air attack. This is not inside information, I do not have that, nor would I like that level of felony charge for a reddit post.