"The hospital underwent a major Israeli renovation in the 1980s as part of a showcase project to improve the living conditions of Gaza residents.[9]".
The comment said it was built in 1980, it was not. If you got a point to prove please direct it at the guy who made the original comment.
There is nothing about it being built in the 1980's. There is a renovation, but building a hospital and renovating one is two different things.
HAMAS wasn't in power in Gaza until 2007 so it actually makes perfect sense that there were no reports of them using the hospital as a base until 2009.
Regardless of that, you’re nitpicking tiny details because you want to deny the truth to suit your own agenda.
You don't list the date a building was renovated as when it was built. If you buy a house that has been renovated they will tell you when it was built and when it was renovated precisely because those are 2 different things.
Kids with houses and full bellies are growing up to steal the homes of Palestinians. Israel is on a rightward shift further indoctrinating apartheid with high government officials on the record for saying/deploying some pretty brutal stuff. That is extremism calcifying within one of the most prosperous societies in the world as reasonable people leave.
Another core issue is that Israelis are an occupying force that generally view Palestinians more and more as subhuman. That doesn’t go away by improving Palestinian lives as Israel has been actively limiting their economic development. I honestly think it would increase hostilities towards Palestinians.
An Israeli poverty rate of 2% doesn’t jive with the assertion that food/a home encourages less violence. Seems like Israel has been emboldened by the success/lack of accountability with their settlements and general oppression of Palestine. There is opposition to improving the lives of Palestinians regardless of any price to pay (or lack thereof) by Israelis.
Added: lots of downvotes but can anyone articulate why they don’t like what I said? Where’s the lie?
I'm Israeli and I was stationed there during my IDF service. I honestly don't know why you're being downvoted so much, the place is a Levantine fever dream that never ends. It gets to feel almost surreal at night time, hard to explain.