Emphasis on for now. Fighter jets aren't much good if your pilots aren't skilled enough with them and/or you don't have the logistics or training to keep them armed and maintained.
Right, so unless the training is actually taking place place right now, we aren't actually getting closer to addressing the "pilots aren't skilled enough" thing, are we.
Maybe it is happening super top secret (unlike every other training that's been announced), but again there's no indication indication of it.
Not "We're waiting until the training is complete" or "we need to start training the ground personnel", but the same line as they used regarding ATACMs before.
From a big picture NATO logistics view... you don't want to lose the investment of complex/high end units thinking you can rush them into the warzone and have nothing but good outcomes.
You can't have airports without good SAMs and even then they are still target for hypersonic missiles. If we sell/give them a bunch of jets and the get blown up too easily it hurts the war effort more than it helps... for sure. We can't just bang out f16s by the hundreds per month. We build them over time and add them to stockpiles unless we are in full war mobilization mode, which hasn't happened since ww2.
MAYBE you would, but what if you didn't. More complex units are the hardest to produce, to stockpile, to maintain and replace. The war effort might be hurt more for losing expensive units up front that it didn't have to lose without a huge benefit. Jet fighters are not the easiest or best weapon for defense and priority has been just getting them switched over to NATO supplies of core defense staples like basic weapons and gear, artillery, SAMS, troop/gear transport and now tanks. You can see how fighter jets that need airports might make more sense coming last in that chain.
At the heart of all this is a fiscal win to loss ratio that keeps the war momentum easily going in NATO's favor and without a bunch of pushback from each country. In hindsight the NATO prep of Ukraine even if they weren't in NATO yet should have been much larger since 2014 and they would already have had a big NATO stockpiles of gear to train and start the offensive with. Having to do the gear transition during an active invasion SUCKS, but a careful deployment of gear to avoid loss and give training is probably just the smart/high probability approach.
In the same sense EU had to delay their oil ban to give themselves time to transition OR the EU support for the war might have collapsed due to insane energy shortages driving the public INSANE.
Like first you have say that this is going to happen, and then start working on addressing any requirements. Otherwise nothing will ever change.
Nobody's saying to rush it. But we're a year into the war and there's no evidence that they're working on training and enablement.
This is just like with the tanks, for a year everyone was convinced that it's impossible because the bridges will collapse or something until suddenly it was possible after all. But this time wasn't used to refurbish the tanks and train the crews, so we're still taking about single-digit number of tanks and the training started like a month ago.
Just like that or ATACMS (which is "not needed"), it's a political decision, probably out of (IMO) misguided fear or "escalation" or to avoid pissing off China or something. Maybe it's the right call (though I don't think so), but we're stuck at this stage.
Ukraine has S-300s and NASMS and IRIS-T and probably half a dozen other systems by now. Russia doesn't have many (any by now?) hypersonic missiles an the single-digit cruise missiles or drones aren't a huge threat to a defended air base.
There are literally thousands F-16s in existence, hundreds of which are in process of being replaced by F-16s. We don't need to build any. And we can also build more planes than russia can, if it comes to that.