In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Read some (if you have the energy that is) Conservative sub, they went from kissing his ass to hating everything about him real quick haha.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
This happened in 2016 and the Koch brothers spent a fortune trying to make Raphael Cruz the nominee. Good thing they ducked all those taxes to completely waste their money anyway!
Trump has railed against the rising GOP stars as they steal away the party’s attention, and campaign donations, further driving away some of Trump’s most loyal backers.
A growing group of Republican megadonors are backing a fresh crop of GOP presidential contenders for 2024 — even as Donald Trump readies his own likely bid for the White House— blaming the former U.S. president for the party’s lackluster performance in the midterms last week.
Some of the nation’s wealthiest GOP donors have been eyeing Florida’s and Virginia’s Republican governors, Ron DeSantis and Glenn Youngkin, as more rational — and more importantly, electable — candidates for the White House in 2024. Although neither man has formally announced his candidacy, they have both started to put in place the fundraising teams and infrastructure that would be necessary to explore a presidential bid.
“I’m not going to give (Trump) a f---ing nickel,” said New York-based businessman Andy Sabin, who donated $120,000 toward Trump’s failed 2020 reelection bid. Sabin contributed $55,000 this year to a pro-DeSantis PAC, Friends of Ron DeSantis, which supported the Florida governor’s successful bid for reelection, according to state campaign finance records. And he plans to back DeSantis if he jumps into the next race for president.