> According to Bundesnetzagentur, Germany’s natural gas consumption dropped by 14% in 2022 compared to the average consumption for the past four years. Industrial demand fell by 15% compared to the average for the past four years. Between October and December, industrial gas consumption fell by 23%, and consumption by private consumers and businesses was 21% below the previous years.
its almost impossible to get a heatpump installed right now or solar because the waiting list is so long (in germany).
As a Norwegian having visited most of Europe I'm amazed at the lack of modern climate adaption in houses.
Changing windows is moderately technical, even if you are keeping the frame and replacing just the window system (pop out old window and replace with new window with identical dimensions) - especially when it's a cold time of the year.
What can be done is addressing drafts from around the window itself, where there are gaps not properly addressed by a gasket.
Another easy, low cost, low technical way to insulate your windows without replacing is by removing the frame around the window (wood detailing that is really just hiding where the drywall ends and your actual window frame begins) exposing the wooden frame everything is mounted on, and spraying (window and door specific!) insulation foam in the gaps to eliminate draft as much as possible.
Having a single pane glass isn't great, but it's a million times better than double/triple pane with 0 insulation around the frame and allowing draft to enter the home.
Whenever there's a cold/windy day, trace your hands around the window to feel for cold air. You can also visually check for condensation lines around areas where your window moves/tracks for proof of steep temperature gradients and need for something to stop the draft.
Amongst other solutions that have been implemented are ground heatpumps, that circulate heat from dug wells and into radiators in apartment blocks, then using the same radiators to circulate cold water for cooling in the summer.
Also water heated by burning garbage which is then circulated via pipes throughout apartment blocks as central heating for tend of thousands of apartments.
Most people live on apartments that are made to a completely different standard than the rest of Europe.
Norway did these adaptions in the 70,s when before it became wealthy. It's the mindset of making improvements that pay back long term that made it rich. Rather than selling the oil it decided to make a long term investment in the nation.
I think you hit the nail on the head, in addressing the knowledge gap. Things you describe are things most Norwegians know how to do. But then again home ownership is very high here so people are invested in investing into their properties. How is that in Canada ?
And yes it is expensive and time consuming, all worthwhile things are. That's why the government mandates extremely strict rules for new builds that demand these investments.
The flat i grew up in was built in 62, and it has central heating + hot water throughout the entire building and all surrounding buildings that is done by burning all non recyclable garbage.
Admittedly Norway is a bit different in that it has a very unusually high amount of home ownership contra renting.
The apartment's I am talking about was built in the 60's when Norway was one of the poorest countries in Europe.
It's the same in Norway, new houses are very expensive especially since all new houses has to by law be made wheelchair accessible.
Sometimes a generation has to take a hit in the wallet, so the next generation don't end up eating your shit.
I think you're spot on these are massive issues that need governmental fixes, on a scale that governments hasn't been willing to do since the mass projects after world 1.
The western world seems to have got stuck in a rut thinking private market can fix everything but private market doesn't fix issues before they arise, it only helps afterwards.