You also realize that they're in a different phase of the war, right? Last year they were taking new territory. Now, they're not taking territory, they're just consolidating their gains and defending.
Last year they were in a phase of getting slaughtered charging into cities with not enough infantry and lacking air superiority.
Then Russia was in a phase of being attacked by artillery with superior range, losing their ammunition depots and supply lines and pushed out of territory they couldn’t defend.
Are you suggesting that Eastern Ukraine is not currently occupied? Last year they took that land. This year they're not taking more land. Hence, there's going to be less artillery fire into Ukraine.
Now they’re in a phase of eating shit in the Donbas. Russia isn’t consolidating anything, they’re merely getting the same treatment softening their supplies in the territory they’re still occupying.
Z boy, I’m suggesting that your comment that Russia is doing well at any phase of this war is silliness. Retreating in a panic isn’t consolidating anything. HIMARS is consolidating their ammo out of existence, and recently hundreds of their troops in a single attack. The only ‘strategy’ Russia has had was taking out their defeats on civilians and civilian infrastructure, and that capacity is dropping too.
Russian (and before that ‘Soviet’) doctrine is to use overwhelming artillery. It’s not like Russia is less surrounded by Ukrainian military now, in fact it’s more so than in the summer of 2022. They’re shooting less only because they can’t keep it up for logistical reasons.
I don't think I ever said the Russians were doing well. I said last year they were invading Ukraine and on the attack, and this year they are defending what they took. So obviously, there will be less artillery fire into Ukraine.
I'm sorry, this just isn't true. The article was removed from Reddit, but you can google and see it. You're just trying to explain why artillery fire might be lower by claiming, without evidence, that they are running out.
Even the US and Ukraine don't know why. It could be low supplies. It could be because, obviously, they are on defense rather than offense. It could be that they are stockpiling for a spring offensive.
The fact that the declining fire is not linear, and only focused in areas where they are mostly fighting offensively, would support my hypothesis.
"The Russians’ declining rate of fire is not linear, one US defense official noted, and there are days when Russians still fire far more artillery rounds – particularly around the eastern Ukrainian cities of Bakhmut and Kreminna, as well as some near Kherson in the south.".
On top of that, the numbers are so wildly inconsistent that who can even say what's going on. Everyone says they are dropping less, but the US high is the same as the Ukrainian low.
"US and Ukrainian officials have offered widely different estimates of Russian fire, with US officials saying the rate has dropped from 20,000 rounds per day to around 5,000 per day on average. Ukraine estimates that the rate has dropped from 60,000 to 20,000 per day.".