In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Hey, you planted those documents, those aren't mine Those are mine, give those back They aren't classified, I declassified them with my psychic powers!
"Shit, we shouldn't have these, here you go NARA. Also, if you need to investigate, investigate wherever you want, for as long as you need to, to find out how this happened, as this shouldn't be happening.".
"No, you can't have these back, they're mine. No, you still can't have these back. I gave them all back already.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Why aren't you investigating George H W Bush, who has been dead for several years, and his bowling alley Chinese restaurant!?
I swear I gave them all back. What do you mean I moved the documents to a different part of the property? I don't have any more documents.
I'm saying, the status of one has zero bearing on the status of the other. They both likely involve felonies being committed and in all likelyhood nothing will be done to either perpetrator. Biden's is getting worse as they continue to find more docs with some going back to his time in the Senate. No real way he had any legitimate right to remove those from a secure location. I have no idea whats happening with Trumps case because all anyone is reporting on currently is Biden. But I'm sure we'll gear more about him when. The investigation concludes.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
I think the contrast between Biden's behavior and Trump's on this issue is what will save Biden politically. Polls already show Americans only see this as sloppiness on Biden's part, not a massive conspiracy to steal classified documents. That's quite the opposite on how people view what Trump did.
I agree that this isnt something we should just dismiss because it's nowhere near as bad as Trump's case but at the same time, I don't think this sinks Biden politically and certainly not criminally. It's an embarrassment but one they can recover from unless there a massive bombshell still waiting to go off.
I don’t know what was in any of the docs and I don’t think you do either as I don’t think any of it has been made public. That said, in either case these could rise to felony level if, “knowingly removes such documents or materials without authority and with the intent to retain such documents or materials at an unauthorized location shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not more than five years, or both.”.
Regarding Biden, if some of these documents date back to his time in the Senate, and to some extent while he was VP, it’s either unlikely or impossible that he was authorized to remove these from a secure location. So it seems that the key point was whether he knowingly removed them. That’s TBD and likely a big part of the current investigation. As I said, I doubt either of these guys get serious charges or certainly not prison time but to say it’s not a serious issue also not correct.
I don’t disagree and I’m not rooting for or against either of these folks. My main point is that we can’t say Bidens infractions we’re no big deal simply because Trumps were worse. I’m also not at all ready to accept that this was an accident because he gave them back. From what I understand, he would have had to initially view them in a secured facility. How do they then wind up in his garage by accident? Did he fold them up and put in his pocket and accidentally walk out? That doesn’t make any sense to me. I think it’s probable that he took them for some reason and that eventually we’ll have to deal with that. But again, this seems to be a pretty common occurrence and I would be shocked if either the current or former President are charged with anything serious. More likely a finger wag and stern warning not to do that again. The powerful are rarely/never held accountable.