In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Most POC and most swing states in general, which are the most important areas. They hate progressives. It's why loud progressives are so damaging to our party.
It's not just Hispanics turning away from democrats. Every single POC group is turning away from the dems right now. Even black support is waning. This is a fact.
Hispanics are not a monolith. Which is the very reason why preaching extremism loudly doesn't work. When it was just Medicare for all, that was great cause everyone actually supports that.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
But now the chants of defund the police - it's really extremism. The latinx comments show how out of touch and different the dems are from the Latino community. As an Asian myself, the word bipoc drives me nuts as both asians and Hispanics have been erased from the word for minorities. Hollywood now elevates black people but Hispanics and asians are still underrepresented according to the Hollywood diversity report and quite clear in most tv shows and movies where you now see many blacks but still barely any hispanics/asians.
"Latinos" are a massively varied population. So expecting the same political alignment from a diverse group is kinda silly anyways. You also need to consider generational entrenchment. A newly immigrated mom from Gautemala is going to have a vastly different set of priorities than a second generation Mexican father with 3 kids in college and a mortgage. Plus the longer you're here, the more "fuck you I got mine" they may get.
It’s not a problem with latinos or hispanic people. it’s a problem with christianity and its growing love of fascism.
A lot of Hispanics are social conservatives and the loud chanting by the progressives on everything they believe just shows a large portion of Hispanics how different they are from them.
fundamentalist theocrats of any race or national origin are not ever going to vote anything but conservatives.
The argument “the far right hate you as well and will immediately turn on you in the coming right wing purity purges” is going to fly by people indoctrinated to believe that religion is the answer to everything.
it’s always so honest and devoid of right wing talking point arguments that ignore the actual prevalence of racism and the fact that the right is so tied to white supremacy that it will absolutely turn on latino and hispanic voters the second it becomes expedient!
self determination- unless you want to be anything or are anything other than a white cis hetero christian male (or dominated white cis hetero christian woman).
in part yeah, asian and southeast asian, indigenous american, aboriginal australian and maori, african, persian, middle eastern etc.
when white supremacy is the frame we base most perception of people on (whether we realize it or not) it’s helpful to conceptualizer the reality that white europeans and their descendants are not the center of the universe.
oh thanks for explaining that caring and morals are why there are fascists actively destroying democracy in the name of total control and the establishment of a minority one party authoritarian state.
Im sure “caring russians” put putin in charge, caring uk citizens chose brexit and “caring” italians elected mussolini 2. Cause they really cared… about their local communities.
if they weren’t fascist thugs bent on domination (dominion they call it) i would be more chill about their bullshit mythology.
being anti lgbt, regarding women solely as incubators and servants and supporting fascism is appalling.
Im just a gay woman ex-christian and im pissed about the endless push for a right wing theocracy that has already taken away some of my rights and will continue to try to take more- not a troll. Sorry that you can’t accept that other people are aware and angry.