Hungary is even worse, Russia at least has most it's imperial lands and wasn't a consistent loser since 1850. Hungary is a shadow not only of it's former self, it is a relic. a small leftover of a once massive kingdom and political hegemony. it is a country that isn't increasingly irrelevant, it has been irrelevant since the revolts in 54. it made a big deal out of migrants and refugees since that was the first time in decades that they felt important. it hates the EU since it reminds them just how small and weak they are, hence why they are flirting with great powers a continent away since it gives them warm feelings.
Hungary wasn't really a massive kingdom since the middle ages. If we are talking later than that they weren't either. Hungary was always the Austro-hungarian equivalent to what Belarus or Ukraine was in the USSR. If the UK, Austria, Germany, France, Denmark, the Netherlands, Sweden, Italy can get over losing their former glory, so can Hungary. Atleast they have regained their independence, lol...
bud, i am describing it from the point of view of their national myth. they seriously think that of themselves thanks to Patriotic EducatioTM and a generous understanding of the lands they were granted by other powers. in actual history they are the biggest losers in Europe, believing themselves a great power despite the mere reason that their Uralic language has survived is that they made allies quite quickly. under that view of history not only is their current condition not humiliating like they view it, it is the best position they have been in since Genghis Khan, being able to get jobs abroad, visit family that was left outside Hungary due to WWI and being able to enjoy political freedoms. and it would mean that corruption and election engineering would be problems both obvious and in need of addressing.
Everyone is very much aware that Hungary has a special ability to always choose the losing side and fall into stockholm syndrome real quick with its oppressors. If anything the average Magyar is deluded about, is that everyone from west of here has it way much easier than us, hence a lot of people flee to abroad and the rest are hating on the west.
Instead, the average Magyar has been deluded enough to believe they were once a mighty power which had an empire and were victims of genocides after WWI and that's why Transylvania, Transcarpathia and Vojvodina are Hungary- and that they will be the last white Europeans.
I feel like as a Hungarian I have to chime in on this. From all my friends, relatives or Hungarian people that I ever spoke to, no-one has ever expressed even remotely similar mentality to what you describe here. There never was a point during my 8 years of history lectures when we learnt that Hungary was a great or significant country. It was bigger than now in terms of territory, but not "great". It's just a very poor translation.
man, that's more accurate way of conveying my view. the second comment was my more biased view on Hungarian history, not the actual view of Magyar nationalists that my first comment described.
What we actually learnt is that the mongols burnt the place to the ground and cut the population in half (or less) in 1241-42. After that the country was continuously struggling to exist due to fuckups of our leaders and invasions of foreign powers.
He trying to distract from the negative press he’s getting on opposing Finland and Sweden’s NATO entry.
My take is that he’s trying to create an issue between Ukraine and Hungary. It’ll feed into the nationalist camp.
Orban chose to wear that to create an issue. He’s a public figure, if it’s a mistake then he has the dumbest advisors.