In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Oh don't worry, I'm sure there's some fuck over at the Job Creators Network Foundation that'll take the state to court because the uber wealthy were alienated.
This program won’t benefit me but good for them and glad it exists. Only disgusting human beings would be against good policies only because it does not benefit them directly.
Yes, I went through, on the surface, about all the factors that have resulted in inflation, but she stuck with her "fuck poor people" stance even when I told her those payments stopped and she also got those stimulus payment.
I had a similar conversation with my coworker yesterday morning. She is still pissed people got "all this stimulus money to stay home." Her argument is that's why the US is dealing with inflation now. She said our money is worth nothing now because we printed it too much and then kept paying people to stay home and do nothing.
This program won't directly benefit me, but it does indirectly. Sadly, people like my coworker can't see or can't understand that. I'm really happy for these folks. I've been there and $500 would have been huge for me then. Good on Jersey for doing this.
It helps to see what’s out there. I ignored the homestead thing letter for a few years because it sounded scammy and dates on it were before I bought the house. I lost 2017 rebate because I didn’t apply. I applied for my 2018 rebate this year because of the noise of around changing into ANCHOR. At the very least I get something back from what I’ve paid even if I have to wait until next year. It’ll help me catch up on other debts that came around from these past two years.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I just don't know how to talk to her anymore. She's very much a "fuck you, I got mine" kind of person, believes everyone should pull themselves up by their bootstraps, and doesn't believe in any kind of "handout." She's 24. I've been trying for three years to get her to see reason.