In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Article says, "Biden and Democrats, and those Republicans who act in a bipartisan manner, will prosper politically." Do those republicans still exist?
Even if DeSantis emerges as the candidate, the GOP represent a sith-like “apprentice becomes master” culture, whereas the Dems and Biden have an opportunity to show that they are the party of strong institutions and respect for democracy.
Imagine an campaign focused on the achievements of the Biden administration so far, with particular focus on the major progress in bipartisanship, culminating in an 80-year old Biden saying it isn’t about him, it’s about preserving and improving an America for the next generation, that he’s done his part to “heal the soul” now he’s passing on the torch to the next generation to continue the Biden agenda.
If Biden runs, even on his achievements, it will leave many people feeling like they have “2020 vision”, that both parties are led by people desperate to cling on to power. Dems can run on “2030 vision” with a new candidate, without having to cannibalize Biden in the way GOP is doing with Trump.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I agree with this! Doesn't mean the older generation can't be involved, just let the comparative youngsters do the heavy lifting. As a native Texan with generations of ancestors buried here, I'm loving what The Squad has brought to light. The people of America do matter in the grand scheme of things.
Let it be “Grandpa lets son-in-law cut the Thanksgiving Turkey and watches on proudly”, rather than “adult children have to clean out derelict home of late hoarder father”.