In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
the most unpopular and divisive president in recent history received 47% of the vote. No way someone whose significantly smarter and has a cleaner image doesn't clear 48% just by showing up.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It's not quite 48%. Trump only won in 16 because he was a complete unknown politically and was able to get independents to vote for him. I don't see independents voting for a far right kook like DeSantis. Not with a safe centrist incumbent to vote for in Biden.
You say that he was the most unpopular and divisive president in recent history like the voters knew that before the election in 2016. Independents didn't view Trump as that guy. Trump received that amount of the vote because he had every advantage that he possibly could have, running against an unpopular candidate in a presidential year that was historically bad for the incumbent party coming after two terms of a presidency for that party. He was a complete unknown politically, independents didn't know what kind of president he was going to be. Those same independents voted for Biden in 2020. You're assuming that they're going to vote for DeSantis who isn't a centrist which is not going to garner him support from most independents, and Joe Biden isn't Hillary Clinton. He's not anywhere near as unpopular as Hillary Clinton, and he's running as the incumbent president which is historically a very strong position and likely to end with him winning reelection. DeSantis is going to be viewed as Trump lite especially with his kooky book banning and culture war bullshit. Those things don't play well nationwide. The doom and gloom about 2024 is unwarranted. I'd be a lot more concerned if republicans had actually had a red wave in the midterms, except it was an utter disaster for them.
And he still needs another 1 or 2 percent in order to win and he's only gotten more legal troubles and scandal to make him even more unpopular than he was in 2020. Like every other recent election the 2 percent of the electorate that is mostly independents are going to swing the election, and they are unlikely to vote for the republicans who have moved even further to the right, and are obsessed with their culture war that doesn't get much traction nationwide outside of their right wing bubbles. The republicans in the house aren't going to help their cause either. Voters are going to be sick of republicans after two years of their sham investigations and inability to get anything meaningful accomplished.