In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I'm fine with gun control in general, but the odds of this one getting anywhere are pretty slim, and then it's not the "good example" kind of law I'd really like my state to pass.
Writing from Oregon, I didn't really follow the measure until I got the voter's guide and read it. Then it was just a big sigh...that thing is going to make a lot of lawyers rich. It's the one thing on the ballot I didn't bother to fill out. I almost wonder if it wasn't done for publicity or political points, not to actually pass a good or useful law.
After the Bruen decision it's basically going to take a constitutional amendment or grossly stacking the courts to overturn Bruen to have any concept of modern "gun control" be considered constitutional. The whole "history and tradition" thing fucked gun control good and hard. I mean realistically there were SCOTUS precedent before Bruen that should have done that but Bruen was basically a giant SCOTUS middle finger to gun control.
Barring a challenge using the Bruen decision getting the whole ting tossed I expect the permit requirement to be delayed but the mag ban will be allowed to remain until it is struck down by a current or future mag ban challenge. The whole situation is fucked up.
I sadly had to vote no. It was a mess, even if it wasn't it was never even realistic in any possible scenario to be achieved by the said date. I'm pro gun control, don't have a need to own one currently but if you read that measure it did seem a little Utopian or flashy instead of seriously addressing things based on where we sit with 2nd amendment currently. Most people on the sub aren't from Oregon so they just rage against the machine, but it was written awful.
For concealed carry. The Bruen case was about concealed carry and I believe the case upheld permits for public concealed carry which I can see but the difference between permit to simply buy/own and permit to publicly carry are different enough that I think Buren would uphold carry permits but not purchase permits. But I very easily could be allowing my personal biases to color my judgement on that.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.