At this stage the police are just another gang. There literally isn’t a state anymore in Haiti. What separates them over any other group warring over territory besides a modicum of legitimacy?
You mean LA Sheriff's Department? Everything I saw about that regarded the sheriff's department, not to say that I would be surprised if LAPD was the same way.
The unelected government of Ariel Henry. He's currently the acting president, the acting prime minister and the acting Minister of the Interior and Territorial Communities.
He's living in prime minister's residence and he's the internationally recognized head of state so it's up to him to either restore some semblance of order or hold elections so someone else can do it.
The five-bedroom, four-bathroom house sits on more than 66,000 square feet of land and while there’s no ocean view here like on the west coast, it does back onto a lake.”.
“In Laval-sur-le-Lac, Laval, this private $4.275 million waterfront property is like an estate you’d find in California.
The murky thing here is that there are suspicions that the CIA funded the rebel groups in the first place because they wanted someone more friendly to American business interests in office. Many of the paramilitary leaders from the first coup government were able to live freely in the US after Aristide was restored to office, and years later they were able to return to Haiti with money and weapons. Aristide was a left-wing leader and a former priest in the tradition of Liberation Theology, it makes sense for the US would dislike him despite popular support in Haiti. Also, Haitian has been so fucked up from the start that despite being overthrown twice, Aristide still had one of the more successful political careers in Haitian history.
I mean Jean-Bertrand Aristide was the first ever democratically elected president of Haiti since independence and one of the main pro-democracy leaders who overthrew the dictator Baby Doc Duvalier. He was elected as president twice with substantial majorities. And he was overthrown by two military coups, not by popular will. Whatever you think of him, the people wanted him to be president. The military hated him because he wanted to impose civilian oversight on the armed forces and they were used to complete independence and the wealthy hated him because he arrested people with close ties to the Duvaliers (which was most rich Haitians).
The new regime was so openly brutal that the US quickly withdrew support and made them step aside in 1994 so Aristide can finish his term. Clinton explicitly promised to restore Aristide during his campaign and he sent troops to Haiti as a part of a UN mission to restore Aristide. It was called Operation Uphold Democracy and it came with the threat that either the coup leaders resign willingly or Haiti gets invaded. Aristide was brought back and in 1995 he disbanded the entire Haitian Armed Forces, citing Haiti's persistent history of coups.
The first time he was toppled it was by Lieutenant Colonel Cédras who was a known CIA asset. Aristide was hated by the elite because he really did target corruption and punished people with ties to the Duvalier regime, which included most of the Haitian business and military elite. Some of his supporters were very militant and stormed the National Palace when the Nation Assembly threatened a vote of no confidence to remove Aristide's choice for PM, Rene Preval. That was the excuse for the coup. Aristide himself never broke any laws. In any case the military junta that replaced him murdered thousands of people for political reasons. The military dictatorship had a paramilitary death squad that slaughtered and looted civilians with impunity.
Then Aristide left office in 1996 because the constitution doesn't allow for consecutive terms. His vice-president Rene Preval succeeded him and became the first ever elected leader in Haitian history to serve a full term in office. Preval saw massive reforms to the economy and decreased unemployment. Aristide was then elected to a second term in office but his term witnessed a rebel insurgency in 2004. The rebels were a loose alliance of criminal gangs and former military officers. They were able to take over part of the countryside and captured some major towns. The rebels were joined by the death squad leaders of the previous military dictatorship. When the rebels were on the verge of capturing Port-au-Prince, Aristide resigned and left the country. A UN intervention lead by the US, Canada and France defeated the rebels but chose not to restore Aristide to office.
Haiti had an extremely tumultuous history since the very beginning, in large part due to having to pay reparations and being treated like a pariah state. But another part of it was that their political system has been dominated by dictators and strongmen and outright maniacs since independence. Aristide, despite all his flaws, was one of the most competent leaders Haiti ever had along with René Préval. The country has also been extremely unlucky in other ways, including with the 2010 earthquake.
Like I said, they didn't hold their first democratic elections until 1994. The first ruler of an independent Haiti, Dessalines, declared himself emperor and was then assassinated two years later. His death lead to a 14 year-long civil war, between a dictator who then declared himself king and a republican dictatorship. The Republican dictatorship won but assassinations and coups was rampant. Then the last one declared himself Emperor Faustin and ruled as such for ten years. Then Faustin was overthrown by a military coup and there were a long of dictators followed by an American occupation that lasted for 19 years until 1934. Then there were a bunch of dubious elections and military coups every few years. That's the main reason why Aristide abolished their armed forces, because they never did anything useful but constantly overthrew civilian governments without provocation.
Then in 1957 this guy Duvalier took over as dictator and ruled with the help of his personal death squad known as the Tonton Macoute running around raping and killing folks. He created a cult of personality portraying himself as a vodou witchdoctor with supernatural powers. He made himself President-for-life but had American support because he hated communists. His son succeeded him as president but was overthrown. There was an interim government, some more military coups, Aristide and then more coups. Then there was no more military so the military became gangsters and waged war against the government. And now it's happening again, this time with the police becoming gangsters.