In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
But I saw a post on conspiracy where they claimed it was big media making up the lie about very fine people..Even though there was like, ya know, video of him saying this.
There are far too many solid Republican candidates to choose from to worry about Trump. Yes he has a fired up base, but can that base carry him out of the primaries. No, his time is past. Ron DiSantis is the future of the Republican party.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Listen y'all. Please stop with all the Trump non sense. Yes he is going to join the Republican primaries. But I do not believe that he will get out of the primary phase. Especially if Ron Desantis runs. He will stand little chance.
So again you seem to lack all sense of nuance here. Sure, Trump can go on national television and denounce white supremacy numerous times. But what do you then make of his actions like say, dining with Nick Fuentes? Or the litany of other seemingly racist actions he has taken across the years?
I'll give you a hint you dense loaf of bread: Trump says what needs to be said in interviews, but when he actually acts, he's a hugely racist piece of shit. Keep deepthroating the Trump boot though, yall are doing great with the streak of election losses.
The die hards no, but that was the moment I started actually paying attention to politics because I always believed the easiest thing a president (or any reasonable person) could do was denounce that shit. Been voting blue ever since every election.
Sadly that couldnt be more true. People thought he was a joke throw away candidate and didnt take him seriously. No matter how many articles that come out saying he isn't viable, he absolutely is.
You do understand the term white nationalist is not a bad thing. Nationalism is essentially the desire to put ones nation first before all others. White is just a term the media put in front of the world nationalist to make it seem racist or bigoted. I am very much a nationalist. I have pride in being a citizen of the United States, and I hope that people of all races in our nation felt the same. Conservative or Liberal I think we all need to take pride in the nation and come together to solve the problems both on a society level and in policy to make sure that "We The People" remains "We The People".