In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
If they prop up this third party as a viable alternative, people voting against the GQP might not default to less-unpopular Democrats. If conservatives are able to convince just 2-5% of voters to "protest" vote for 3rd parties, it would do a lot to help the GQP prevail in close elections.
Andrew Yang needs to run for a local office, win, and govern for a term or two. THEN he'll have some basis to tell everyone else how politics should work.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Well, that's a goal of Forward! He currently wants to run Forwardists in local election races (70% of local races are uncontested) to build a bottom-up party. But for this cycle, before he got everything organized, he decided to endorse people who generally support what he supports (Ranked-Choice Voting, Open Primaries, and getting rid of Gerrymandering.).
The Cult of Yang needs to go away. They are a distraction during a time that democracy can't afford to have distractions.
I expect in 2023 and 2024 for Forward to pick up lots of local elected positions, and maybe even some state legislature seats. Then somen credibility can be earned.
You can't "take" votes. You earn votes. Democrats aren't entitled to votes. If they wish to win votes, they have to EARN them. You can't expect all people who are against Republicans to support Democrats just because they are a lesser evil. Most people don't like either, as party affiliation shows.
And also, most people the Forward Party endorsed this cycle were Democrats, with 2 Republicans, Liam Madden and Lisa Murkowski (both moderates), also endorsed as well as several independents and members of the United Utah Party.