But here’s the deal, China doesn’t care about Taiwan itself or its people enough to risk such a difficult operation. It’s more about the semiconductor factories, so “destroy it and leave it in ashes” is the opposite of what China wants. Oh and did I mention that these factories require people with very niche knowledge? Like “only the Taiwanese person who has been working on this factory for the past 20 years knows how to do it” niche knowledge. So not only do they need to capture the island which is hard as is, they should do it in a way that won’t damage the factories and won’t endanger civilians.
Oh I am not saying I am an expert, I am just a dude who read a bunch of articles, don’t get me wrong, but with that being said I don’t think it’s fair to assess my understanding of the situation based on a 5 sentence answer to a comment that mentions that China can simply blow everything up. If you read my next comment you will see me presenting the opposite case arguing why it might invade Taiwan. And to be clear since my comments kinda contradict each other, I don’t think China will invade Taiwan, but I don’t rule out such a possibility.
Not even trying to argue with you. I am not saying it won’t happen, I am saying why it’s stupid to do. After all, invading Ukraine was also a stupid decision and Putin did it anyway. Actually, I have an argument to support your claim. While I believe it’s stupid to invade Taiwan now, I also think there won’t be a better chance for it in the 21st century at least. What I mean is that NATO is distracted by the war in Ukraine, there are a few more conflicts that started or rekindled in 2022 and some ongoing ones that started earlier than that. I strongly believe that after Russia loses this war, there will be a massive change of power balance all over the world. Perfect example, Belarus will kick Lukashenko out on the very same day the war ends. Orban will have less power without Russian support, etc. So if China wants to do this, they should do it before Russia loses this war.
Well I don’t think you understand China. Their Modus operandi always has been covert warfare, capture by surprise, never by brute force. They never show their might openly, it makes them vulnerable.
Taiwan is a democracy like the U.S. Imagine if the U.S. government went to Intel and said that they are placing high explosives in their fabs.
Wouldn’t they try to use political agents and disinformation campaigns to take over the parliament? It’s 2023, why launch a destructive military campaign when you can take over from within?