> In 2021 the Swiss pharma industry sold drugs worth CHF1.5 billion to Russia. This means sales increased by 40% since Russia invaded Ukraine. This is based on an analysis by the Swiss News Agency Keystone-SDA of foreign trade data released by the Swiss customs office on Tuesday.
People trying to smear others nation reputation out of cherry picked informations in a racist way just because it's easy to do? That has never happened before, surely.
So much whataboutism… Are you saying the Swiss banks didn’t rip off millions of jews that survived the holocaust? Notice this article is about Switzerland not the US but I can see how that may be difficult to understand.
Whataboutism is taking a single article and generalize to make a nation "look bad", you just made a comment so full of whataboutism that it looks like sarcasm.
Here on reddit I keep seeing people throwing shit to other countries like monkeys, that's what my reply was about. I've wrote US just as an example, the dots are in place as an example that basically EVERY country as done bad things in the past and this generalization is what racism, xenophobia and avery discrimination is fueled on.
lastly i am just pointing out that the swiss long standing policy of neutrality is all about personal gain and money. Often made to seem as if it’s for humanitarian or pacifist reasons when in reality it’s all about the benjamins.
also fyi swiss banks never actually did much to repay or make amends for what they did in the holocaust.
Your comment on the holocaust? Ignorant and again an example on fueling useless hate without context.
And for the rest of your hate speech: you know why the red cross has the swiss flag with inverted colors? Obviously not, you know nothing and you just like to hate.
More importantly I do not hate the swiss nor do I hate switzerland. I just find it very funny how many people love to point it out as a beacon of a perfect rich and accepting country whenever shitting on the US. When in reality it is a fairly xenophobic, anti Semitic and only does what is in its best interest.. just like everyone else.
Swiss banks made profit from the holocaust? Yes. American, english, ... too. Those banks payed for their errors. Taking this to spew hate on a country is stupid and ignorant, it's like saying we should still hate today germans for the holocaust, for example.
best of all they tried to offer 32 million dollars initially.. More importantly the swiss government refused to take part in all of it or admit any wrongdoing.
that link states that swiss banks had to comply with the settlement.. the one they denied for decades and caught against in court..
The Red Cross was founded by a Swiss native, Henry Dunant, in 1863, in Geneva. The proposed symbol was the inverted version of the Swiss flag….
Sorry but you are putting words in my mouth about germany. The german country and it’s people not only paid reparations but also took full responsibility to right their wrongs. The swiss on the other hand..
It's behind a paywall, but already the title... 45%, so less than half, 23 years ago and since it was when the banks question I would be curious about how this study has been done.
Swiss banks profited from the Jews gold, Switzerland made some hard decision, you can say even some wrong one (keep in mind that it's easy to judge after the facts, much harder when you must take those decisions with a war at your doors), but using cherry picked events and facts decontestualized to spread hate is really wrong, even more if done without actually knowing what you are talking about.
Oh, and just to give you a context on why I'm really triggered by your hate: My grandmother runned from Italy because her father has been killed while fighting facism and opened with the uncle family an hotel they used to help people who fighted facism and Jews.
My reply was to make people aware that you can smear EVERY nation this way and that generalizing is almost always wrong.
good try, whataboutism: the technique or practice of responding to an accusation or difficult question by making a counteraccusation or raising a different issue.
"Whataboutism or whataboutery (as in "what about…?") denotes in a pejorative sense a procedure in which a critical question or argument is not answered or discussed, but retorted with a critical counter-question which expresses a counter-accusation.".