People need to actually read the articles instead of just the headlines. Don’t take an out of context quote in the headline and immediately assume the worst.
The fact we’ve only just made a decision [on sending tanks] and already the next debate [fighter jets] is firing up in Germany – that just seems frivolous and undermines people’s trust in government decisions,” said Scholz in an interview with the German newspaper Tagesspiegel on Sunday.
At best, they are still hoping to retain some sort of post war relationship with Russia and return to normal economic trade so they want to go soft on Russia.
But i suspect there are russian sympathizers and even potential economic agents within even the top ranks of german leadership.
Thats because Germany is. Germany has been a dissent voice in every escalation in arms delivery to Ukraine.
That's from the article. He is angry that people pushing for it are making him and the German government seem like a road block to Ukrainian aid.
Germany are the reason ukraine has Abrams. The USA did not want to send them, until Germany coerced them into doing it.
20 January: Germany announced that training could commence. This gave Germany and other countries permission to send tanks to Poland, bring Ukrainians to Poland and train them - a process that takes weeks or months.
25 January: Germany agreed to send leopards, USA agreed to send Abrams, and Germany agreed that anyone else can send leopards.
Germany at most delayed the delivery of leopards to ukraine by 8 days. And in return, got the USA to commit to send their tanks.
And realistically, it was probably less than 8 days actual delay because Poland and Ukraine probably used some of those 8 days to plan the transport of tanks, training staff and trainees.
I had this argument over whether Germany did or did not say they would send jets. Scholz said so back in September 2022.
2) so what? That doesn’t mean that Germany is going to say no to jets. But does Germany even have jets to send in the first place?
Because the quote from the headline is the first paragraph and that's farther down. That's the actual reason he gives .
But he doesn't like that it's making him look bad. The German military has had incompetent civilian leaders for years. Which lead to the bad position they are in now. Combine that with him seeming to want an off ramp every single chance. Yes it makes the German government look bad.
These recent articles aren’t mentioning the quote from back then, but instead taking recent quotes out of context when Scholz hasn’t said that Germany won’t send jets.
Him sending jets or not is not the point. It's that Germany is consistently looking like a roadblock at every stage of the war.
That's why he says don't enter a bidding war. Because he wants to take a more cautious approach, so it makes him look bad when they do.
I’d like to remind you that Poland hadn’t even made an official request to Germany about sending the tanks before talking all that shit. Looks like you fell prey to their political tactic of shitting on Germany to make Poland look good.
In response to your 2nd point, everyone’s commitment came recently. It’s a group effort to send tanks to Ukraine.
In response to your 3rd point, it’d a group effort and the US is the largest contributor. Sending a few tanks isn’t very helpful, but sending a big batch is. And I don’t know what went on behind the scenes, but maybe Germany said “send your tanks too or we won’t send any” to force the US to also send tanks (just maybe, not saying that’s what did happen).