In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The responsible officers were fired on the spot, have had no protection from the Union, and were charged with various crimes including Second Degree Murder.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Not rectified for the family. Not for his life. people still looking for administrative consequences that may or may not ever come, and ultimately mean nothing. It’s not enough.
The outrage is always “they will get no punishment!” which is valid, but the real outrage should be how these monsters are allowed to propagate in the first place. The outrage should be that a man is dead. Complaining that the system is broken is not helpful to black people that are afraid for their loved ones to leave their homes. It’s the same shit with mass shooters. No one wants to look at the way society creates these monsters and looks the other way, or wants to hold responsible the cultures that are churning these wastes of breath out en masse, but then wants to be shocked and outraged when they do it AGAIN. You want my solution? Start at the source. Nip it in the bud. These guys don’t have a fear of consequences, bc they’ve never had any and never will. People complain that the system is broken, but then still rely on the “system” to fix it. The same system run by the same monsters.
The King kills his subjects, but the angry mob will only do just enough to stand outside the Palace with torches and yell about how angry they are. You want my solution? Burn the palace down, King and all.
Case in point, I have to speak in euphemisms bc we can’t have viol3nc3, now can we? Except ANOTHER life has already been taken.