In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
These are not undated ballots currently in drop boxes or going through USPS. These are ballots that have already arrived and are waiting to be counted. The only reason they aren’t is because there is no date, but they’re obviously within the deadline if they’ve already arrived.
It’s outrageous that there is even a debate about this. No ballot should be thrown out from a technicality, regardless of which party you vote for.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I disagree, people miss boxes on government forms all the time. The rule in Pennsylvania is that ballots must be received by 8pm on election day. Thousands of people met that rule. The government is suppressing vote-by-mail using a loophole. A dating error does not match the severity of the consequence, which is eliminating large blocks of voters from choosing a candidate. So the onus is on the government to make this correction, in my opinion.
The Republicans have had control of the General Assembly since 1993. Can't pass or change laws without the GA, and the Republicans seem to have an interest in reducing turnout for some reason.
Maybe put the date in the bright yellow highlighted space right under your name that says “if you don’t enter the date, this ballot won’t be counted”.
And the fact that people can’t fucking read the goddamn directions and enter the date in a bright highlighted space pisses me off.
I don’t care what’s right and wrong. I care about reality. Reality is that the enemy is going to latch onto any mistake and exploit it.