Further evidence that Russian efforts to use energy as weapon have failed. Hopefully this will herald permanent move to renewables (and nuclear) over the coming decade(s).
You could argue that Nuclear is a renewable given it's possible to build reactors that produce more fissile material than they consume as well as recycle spent fuel into new fuel, and increasingly economical methods of extracting uranium from seawater.
Uranium is common enough, energy dense enough, and can be stretched enough that we have enough for something like millions of years at current energy usage with current technology.
Nuclear energy is just stupid expensive and requires the safe and secure storage of extremely dangerous material for an order of magnitude longer than any human governing entity has ever lasted.
Nuclear energy is one of the cheapest forms of energy once it's up and running and is the only form of energy production where the waste products are properly disposed of.
Coal powerplants produce more radioactive waste than nuclear ones, but unlike nuclear waste, coal power vents it's waste directly into the environment.
You’ve still got to feed the hamsters and clean up the droppings, change out bedding periodically and keep water bottles topped off. Vermin Supreme came up with a better plan: put brain eating zombies on giant hamster wheels and hang brains in front of them.
I am by no means expert on the matter so kudos to them if they have it working as it will change the world forever. However since I am not an expert I do check multiple sources and extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof. I truly hope that they, or someone else, can get it to work in coming decade(s) as it will solve a lot of issues in the world.
Nuclear plants in the US are competing with dirt cheap natural gas plants, which is why they require subsidies to operate competitively, just like any other non-gas power source.
However, in the context of this discussion, we're removing fossil fuels from the picture and transitioning entirely to green energy sources, so your argument is actually completely meaningless.
A significant portion of the costs associated with nuclear power have to do with aging reactor designs and limited construction; more widespread adoption of new nuclear plants would drive costs down dramatically, just like it did with solar.