The reality is that neither side is willing to make the politically explosive concessions necessary, including the moderates on either side. Even under the most centrist Israeli government or left to center, that wouldn’t happen. The same holds for the Palestinians.
Rabin also likely wouldn’t have approved e.g. many millions of Palestinians to come into Israel, nor was he in favour of splitting Jerusalem. He literally called for an expansion of Jerusalem under Israeli rule.
A month prior to being murdered, he expressly advocated not returning to 1967 lines, and that it would need to maintain a military presence in the West Bank. He was very much focused on national security as well, realizing the negative effects of those things the Palestinians demand.
Which specific concessions did you have in mind? The west bank Palestinians seem to have mostly agreed to handle matters peacefully which seems like a reasonable concession to me.
Should they give up aspirations to be able to go to work or shop or visit friends and relatives without hostile encounters with Israeli settlers and soldiers?
Should they surrender the expectation that they might have an equitable say in how the country they live in is governed? Y'know, like democracies everywhere?
Or maybe you want them to give up their homes and property and get ethnically cleansed into a nice concentration camp somewhere?
The two big ones from West Bank Palestinian Authority is a) splitting Jerusalem and b) effectively demanding millions of Palestinians to get Israeli citizenship and live there if they desire.
The first is something Israel is not going to agree with. The second is effectively a threat to Israel’s existence as a Jewish state, as you’re importing millions of people who a) are not Jewish and b) do not want Israel to be a Jewish state.
Both of them are fundamental demands on the side of the Palestinians that Israel is not going to agree with in any case. After all, Israelis believe Israel is the best means to provide a safe haven to the Jewish people, after its historical persecution. They are not going to agree with effectively dismantling it. They are not going to agree to what they perceive to be risking the security of the Jewish people for the sake of the historically very hostile Palestinians.
Besides that, a large percentage of Palestinians simply reject the notion that Israel has a right to exist, so that doesn’t really work for a peaceful resolution to this conflict.
In the case of Gaza, there is no negotiating with Hamas. That’s an additional problem. There’s no real reason for Israel to make significant concessions to go for peace if there’d be no peace in Gaza anyway.
Neither side is in favour of a one-state solution, so West Bank and Gaza Palestinians wouldn’t really get to have a say in Israel’s democracy in any case.