Interesting stat is that the number of kids married couples have is actually pretty stable. The number that keeps going down and down is the marriage rate, and it’s not just in Japan. You have as the biggest impact the positive development associated with the rapid rise in social status and freedom for women, where as previously they were married off as soon as they graduate mandatory education, versus now where the majority pursue higher education or employment. The second biggest impact is that we also have far more entertainment options for single people. No one is spending their saturdays going out to bars to meet single people and have sex when they can curl up indoors and watch a good tv show or movie from their laptop. They can even get sexual gratification from just a single push of the button.
Singapore has taken to address this, but more needs to be done as the small measures don’t give a large enough incentive to procreate.
It’s a global issue and the only solution in a capitalist system is to make no changes and be satisfied with becoming a poorer country in the long run, or basically import enough people from around the world to remake your demographic makeup. There are no 3rd options. Robots and automation isn’t going to do fuck all but make like 2 guys in the entire country rich while the rest become service gig slaves.
People who buy into this never provide any evidence that women who are making the decision to put off children in favor of higher education and employment because they want to. It seems more likely the case that they are being forced to by the economic conditions and lack of marriage.
They do not need to maintain a large population, they need to maintain a mostly young or middle aged population. Because if you've got a population of old people... who is going to work? Get them their meds, clean the streets, and so on.
If Japan becomes even more old people dominated... well again, who is going to work to take care of them? The most important metric: taxes from young people to handle the older population, but other resources in general too.
If suddenly every person in japan older then 50 died, Japan wouldn't really need to worry about their population. It would cause all sorts of other issues, but population in the "we need more kids" sense wouldn't be one.
Japan already suffers from this. Most homeless people are older men, without families. Many old people work as "silver jinzai", which is basically retirees who do smaller part time jobs.
In reality we are seeing that things like culture have a huge influence. We are seeing the results of the cultural decay at work.
Many sci Fi franchises are built on outdated scientific understanding of human behavior. They operated under the premise that humans were just like bacteria, and that we would reproduce until resource limitations would put a stop to it.