There are a lot of cases like hers I could imagine feeling differently about, but this lady can get bent. She has never expressed a shred of remorse, she has dual citizenship and isn't stateless, and 16 (when she left to join ISIS) isn't too young to figure out that she was joining a pack of murderers. By all accounts that was the draw for her and her lack of remorse and regret for anything other than her own situation only reinforces that.
Precisely my feelings. The lack of remorse is disgusting. It's always excuses and never apologies. It's the first step to forgiveness and she can't even do that. Too far gone.
That's why the UK is pushing hard on this. Bangladesh is trying to twist things because they don't want to have to admit a terrorist into their nation, but according to their own rules/laws she is welcome. This even goes into their NVR requirements.
Bangladesh has jes sanguinis as a regime for citizenship, with no requirement for registration. Yes she is a Bangladeshi citizen according to their laws. That isn't superseded by being born in a different nation, and while they request you apply for dual citizenship, they don't force you to strip your citizenship like some countries.
I thought the entire reason this case was important was that she didn't have dual citizenship, but the UK gov claimed that didn't matter because she was entitled to apply for citizenship in Bangladesh?
Like, can you imagine a Bangladeshi citizen who was entitled to apply for UK citizenship getting stripped of their Bangladeshi citizenship for terrorism, and they flee to the UK and apply for UK citizenship... How do you see that working out for them?
It is also possible to enter Bangladesh as a person of Bangladeshi origin, or a spouse or child of a person of Bangladeshi origin via a No Visa Required (NVR) seal, stamp or sticker on their foreign passports. An eligible person can apply for the NVR stamp/sticker at any Bangladeshi mission overseas. NVR exceptions include citizens of SAARC countries.
She meets these requirements, and thus the UK can evict her and she would not be stateless, she's still able to live in Bangladesh.
If being born to Bangladeshi parents in another nation was enough to lose Bangladeshi citizenship, they'd have tons of issues on their hands. This is a simple jes sanguinis case, and they'll have to accept her, or set some really wacky precedents for what is and isn't Bangladeshi citizenship.
Now, Bangladesh has openly said they'll execute her the second she sets foot in Bangladesh, and that's their right. But she is a citizen of Bangladesh. This is a loophole in their citizenship laws, but it's still valid. They just don't want to admit that, because they don't want her moving to Bangladesh.
And as you said Bangladesh requires that people request citizenship. She was entitled to it. She didn't already have it.
Edit: Wanker below blocked me and I can't reply to them, so this is the reply I was typing up for them:
I checked, jes sanguinis in Bangladesh does not need to be requested. It's automatically granted as long as the mother is Bangladeshi. It DOES need to be requested if the bloodline is through the father, or it's jus soli. And since they do not need to give up citizenship for dual citizenship ( nor does the UK ), it's not something that's going to go away.
This is also why the UK stripped citizenship so quickly. Because if Begum was over 21 when it was stripped, she'd have had to reapply for Bangladeshi citizenship and they'd have denied her. But because she was under 21, jes sanguinis went into effect, and she retained her citizenship.
Hang on there, "able to live somewhere" is not involved in the actual definition of stateless, not being recognised by any state as a national is the definition of stateless.
It's just a weird limbo situation where she had dual citizenship by a technicality. Largely because Bangladesh seems to have had pretty lax citizenship laws, presumably to help bring the diaspora back.
Under Bangladeshi law, you need to apply for dual citizenship, but there are zero provisions for this specific situation.
Under UK law, you do not need to apply for dual citizenship, it just applies if you happen to be a citizen of both nations.
So the UK is claiming that as she falls under jes sanguinis, she is both Bangladeshi and British, but they can revoke the British citizenship and not break their laws to leave people stateless. Under UK law, she does have Bangladeshi citizenship.
Meanwhile Bangladesh is trying to push this as she was never a citizen. Which can and will likely open up a huge can of worms as to what really is Bangladeshi citizenship.
You're coming at this backwards. If a person can be forced to claim a second citizenship so that the court can strip you of UK citizenship, that is the same thing as saying if you are eligible for any other citizenship, the court can strip you of UK citizenship.
Firstly, I better point out that you aren't the one who blocked me so people who come to the conversation late don't think you're the one I'm calling a wanker above.
At the very least it's an interesting thought experiment. I think the UK is correct in that under their laws, she is not stateless despite losing her UK citizenship. I also think at the same time Bangladesh is also correct in saying she's not a Bangladeshi citizen under their laws. I'd say it sucks to be her, but eh.
Anyway, are you very positive about the way that works? All the coverage on this that I've seen has said she doesn't actually have the citizenship. And... to be frank your description of how Bangladeshi law works:
But from glancing over the texts, especially what was presented by the British government ( who did bring in a lot of lawyers that specialize in Bangladeshi law ) the crux is that Bangladesh has very, very lax jes sanguinis laws.
Like, the obvious interpretation of the two things you posted together suggests to me that a Bangladeshi woman who has a child not registered with any other citizenship would pass her Bangladeshi citizenship onto the child regardless of where the child is born, while one who has one who does get registered for any other citizenship would not have Bangladeshi citizenship, since they need to specifically apply for dual citizenship.
The honest answer is Bangladesh really needs to tighten up it's citizenship laws to better handle situations like this, but ymmv.
Like exceptionally so, because they want people to return to Bangladesh. So lax, that when she was born she was granted said citizenship automatically, even without needing to apply for it. And under British law, it became dual citizenship.
Bangladesh can choose to ignore that and say it's not so, that she was a UK citizen. But that will open an entirely new can of worms as to the status of Bangladeshi citizenship abroad ( which seems to be what the British government is also trying to set up a contest for. ). Because there are many people who are also dual Bangladesh/whatever citizens that haven't applied for dual citizenship because of how lax the Bangladeshi rules are.
And by forcing Bangladesh to pick a side, they force the matter and establish precedence for future cases.
Frankly as I said before, I think both sides are right. It's going to end with her stuck in Syria, and that's just the way it is.
The fact that no such application is ever made, in spite of years of court battles, would then suggest to me that they're acting in bad faith.
Courts are allowed to consider factors you seem unwilling to engage with, such as the fact that she's claiming to be stateless when the resolution to that claim is a simple request away.
I would see that as working as the law intended, and ask them to get back to me if their application was denied.
I think being able to strip citizenship from someone who doesn't have another citizenship though is a terrible precedent to set.
I'm saying that someone who joined ISIS of her own free will, and never managed to summon a shred of remorse, can go fuck themselves along with their defenders.
And pretending that another country which she doesn't have citizenship in at the moment can be forced to take her instead is a shitty attitude that nobody would like if it was turned about on them.
I think you're attacking me there because you realise I've actually got a point in what I'm saying and you're happy to attack me rather than admit it.
I notice you've avoided the, "And why hasn't she made an attempt to apply for Bangladeshi citizenship" question in favor of keeping it vague.
I'm genuinely puzzled. You're saying if Shamima Begum grew up in Bangladesh with a parent with UK citizenship, but without actually getting UK citizenship herself, that it would be the law working as intended if the situation happened in reverse - Bangladesh strips her of citizenship and she should apply for UK citizenship?
Bangladesh has laws which mean she is absolutely entitled to Bangladeshi citizenship, and they would be unable to render her stateless. They can say whatever they want, they don't get a choice in this matter.
I largely don't care what happens to her, with a preference for locking her up for a very long time. I care about the legal precedent that citizenship can be stripped from someone who doesn't already hold a second citizenship if they're merely entitled to apply for any other citizenship.