Yeah seriously I doubt china wants to fight a conventional war with us HOWEVER two things are making me nervous 1 that damned balloon could have been carrying a small nuclear device and I'm not so sure our missile silos are protected against EMP, 2 our military is not anywhere close to full strenh, no one is going to fight for Joe biden and china knows this. I don't see a draft being that effective and tbh. I would say right here and now the chances for a sneak attack from China and possibly Russia and n Korea who knows are the highest they might ever be. We are weak and they know it. If they find some way to neutralize our ICBMs and possibly strategic bombers that leaves our submarines to carry out whatever second strike and even then, a well placed EMP could disrupt communications between the president and our navy and then what? Can they even launch without his direct order? I'm not sure they can. A while back a simulated attack from China started with widespread hacking to kill our energy grid which in turn cuts our communications with that side of the world, the Chinese launch a pearl harbor.attack on our fleet off the coast of Japan. It takes us two days I think to get back online and by then we lost the Pacific fleet and Chinese have a foothold on taiwan and we cannot get them out. This also involves hundreds if not thousands of drones. They've been plotting this for years, buzzing our naval ships and we haven't fired back we have shown weakness and china sees Biden and knows his window is never going to look better. I hope I'm wrong. The simulation was run several times i don't think we won any of them....they prepare for war while we fight amongst ourselves and confuse our own children, it is what it is I guess.
It's happening so often that Taiwanese authorities that they may start using the seized dredgers as target practice & artificial reefs. There isn't any more space in Matsu's ports, and it's proving costly to maintain them until they can auction them off.