In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
By many accounts, Hillary wouldn't be very good president, but I can't stop from wallowing in what the Supreme Court would look like if it was full of judges and not theocratic activists.
If it weren't for the emails, she might have entered office with bigger majorities than Biden started with, and with the election serving as a bigger repudiation of Trump than 2020 was, so I wouldn't have been surprised if she not only got the SCOTUS liberal and got some decent stuff via reconciliation but also managed to succeed where Obama failed in 2013 and got a comprehensive immigration reform compromise passed. Plus maybe she'd have pivoted again and pushed for TPP, which would have been a good help in trying to contain China.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I said "by many accounts", not that I really believe it. To be fair, I didn't really think about US politics during 2016 elections, so I know very little, but I think that the fact that she recklessly used private server to manipulate confidential documents doesn't compliment her prospects of president very much. I've heard that she was actually super hawkish, which is why Trump appealed to certain new or liberal voters more and why exactly is TPP good thing? Wasn't it just a outsourcing deal that costed her many Rust Belt voters?
It was pretty naive of them. Also Trump did the exact same thing. Fuck the treasonous hypicritical republicans even harder. Lincoln is rolling in his grave.
Idk what much more the Dems could have done to win in 2010. They lost because voters thought they did way too much, and thus a lot of those ancestral blue dog voters who thought Obama would be bipartisan like Clinton and got pissed when he actually did a massive liberal expansion of healthcare, a big government stimulus, expansion of college subsidies for low income students, and a major regulation on the financial industry.
If you are talking about Romneycare, that was never a good label - the bill was passed by strong liberal supermajorities in the state legislature, and Romney (who was then genuinely acting as one of those centrist or even liberal leaning northeastern RINO governors - he moved a lot to the right in his 2012 presidential run) only reluctantly signed the bill, while vetoing various parts of it (those vetoes were overridden by the state legislature).
Presenting that bill as being primarily Republican in character, especially in a way that then suggests the ACA was bipartisan, is a pretty damn extreme stretch and spin of the situation. The fact that one very nonstandard Republican reluctantly supported some of it doesn't take away from the fact that it was a very liberal bill.
As long as Dems in Congress still did all that stuff, idk what difference a different head of the DNC would make. It's not like the DNC is actually a particularly powerful organization. And while maybe Obama could have guided the party to fewer losses if he governed in a more bipartisan manner, would that be worth it? Would it have been worth it to swuander the chance of getting big policy done?
And Hillary is the main reason Trump won - her emails in particular are by far the biggest reason she lost.
It wasn't a matter of ideology. If Clinton ran literally the same campaign but didn't do email stuff, she'd have probably not only won but won by as much as Obama in 2008 and quite possibly an even bigger win.
And if you are instead talking about the Heritage foundation plan, that was a GOP compromise plan, one they immediately threw away when it was clear universal healthcare was so despised that they didn't actually need any alternative to the status quo. But also, that Heritage plan merely shared some similarities to the ACA, largely the individual mandate. It also was very different from the ACA in a lot of ways - for example, it lacked the Medicaid expansion, which was the largest part of the ACA reduction in uninsurance, and covered about 10 to 15 million people all by itself. That alone makes the ACA a way more liberal bill than the Heritage plan ever was. Some folks act like the fact that the ACA had an individual mandate like the heritage plan did means they are basically the same thing, but the individual mandate was a relatively minor part of the bill that didn't end up actually mattering. Doesn't make sense to give it that much attention or to use it to wrongly act like the ACA is a GOP policy because it shared a couple similarities with one.