In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I see no reason to hide behind euphemism: if you are LGBT+, conservatives want you dead, and laws like these are their way to push the boundaries to a point where they can do that legally and openly. They are a direct threat to your safety and well-being.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
This is what they've been brewing for a while. Notice how so many rank and file conservatives are all about stopping child grooming now and calling people pedophiles? The goal is to whip up enough social frenzy and get people scared and panic that they will be able to call anyone they don't like a pedophile and have them investigated/life ruined. They are trying to use child sexual assault to usher in a new era of McCarthyism.
Remember that guy who was at a rally wearing a "kill your local pedophile" shirt? If that's something they believe, and they're also pushing the "trans groomer" narrative, that is a clear line of intent.
It goes beyond LGBT+, which is horrific to begin with. They want to be able to call anyone they don't like for any reason a pedophile and have their life ruined (at best).
They laughed when Club Q in Colorado Springs got shot up. Because in their minds, we deserved it. All of these bills are meant to eliminate LGBTQ+ people from public life. Republicans want LGBTQ+ people dead, end of story. Everything else is just semantics and gaslighting. When in doubt, remember what happened in Colorado Springs. That's the Christian Nationalist solution to the "trans/gay question".