I'd say, about 3 years - and it likely will include at least one major conflict with the Palestinians. There do not seem to be any factors breaking the coalition apart in the near term, however the mere fact that Ben Gvir with his very hardline stance on the Palestinians has control over the Border Police (The Israeli police force in the West bank) as Head of the National Security Ministry creates a very significant chance of conflict (Palestinians will not simply accept any new crackdown against them). Such a conflict could very well break the coalition sometime in the next few years, depending on who is blamed on it and how intense it becomes.
And one of the coalitions in recent years had plenty of seats, the Gantz Bibi one. A full right wing strongman coalition has no hope of surviving. They can't compromise.
There is a difference between coalition falling and coalition advancing elections by a few months. Sometimes it is advanced just because parties don't like the elections to happen in November (when an automatic end of term happens) or because they think that loosing just of few months in power is well worth of making some grand standing during budget negotiations. 2015th government held for 4 years and 25 days, 2009th government held 9 days short of 4 years.
4 years. The reason for instability of the last few years is that there were 3 blocks of parties that didn't want to seat with each other, where no one of them got 50%+1. 2 governments that were formed during this period were parties from different blocks joining and then being torn a part due to their differences. This time, one of the blocks got 53%. There is no realistic scenario of this coalition falling apart.
Gantz-Bibi coalition was a coalition of huge differences and was formed only because of Corona. And they fell due to those differences. No party in the full right wing coalition has any possible partners outside the coalition that they would prefer over those in the coalition.
The coalition Netanyahu is building is not a monolith. Ben-Gvir is looking to be treading the same steps as Lieberman and Bennett; if he continues on the path of radicalization, which is not in line with Likud's beliefs, it is a matter of time before the right wing will fracture as Likud is heavily composed of centrists who bought into the delusion marketed by Bibi that the center-left (Lapid; Likud being center-right) is in any way different from the Likud besides not being led by him.
Ben-Gvir is courting the religious and secular right, not the ultra-orthodox. It's his first electoral rodeo, but like Lieberman and Bennett, he will soon discover that his electoral base clashes fundamentally with the Ultra-Orthodox parties.
Either he will radicalize and the right-wing will fracture, or he will become palatable and assume proper politicking, which will put him on a collision course with the Ultra-Orthodox sooner or later.
Bennet's political fate has shown clearly that "his direction" is a dead one. Lieberman continues to ride on Russian-speaking elderly electorate, which is in no way accessible to Ben-Gvir. So, your assumption that Ben-Gvir will in any way or form follow in their steps is ridiculous. The last government and Gantz's actions as defence minister has shown clearly to Likud voters that he is completely left wing and has nothing in common with what Likud voters want. Israeli left creates its estimation of what right wingers will do, based on delusions of left's own eco-chamber without ever listening to what right wingers actually think. The result is that they got constantly surprised, and their stories about how right-wing block will collapse were never realised. Just like they will be surprised that the upcoming government will hold for 4 years.
It's not that this coalition can't last most of their term. It's that Ben-Gvir, that made this government possible, will also be the death of this government. Sooner, or later.
No, it held from May 2015 until December 2018. Three and a half years. You are counting the caretaker government, which is silly. They also did not collapse over make-believe pretend arguments or convenient excuses. They collapsed over a very real fracturing that saw Lieberman never join a Netanyahu govt again.
I'm not speaking of Bennett and Lieberman's current dispositions; I am talking about the electoral base they initially courted that gave them their mandates.
Ben-Gvir has inherited the voting base of Lieberman / Bennett (Lieberman maintains a couple of seats because, as you say, he also courts the the Russian-speaking electorate.) The secular armchair settlers and the actual religious settlers.
Either Ben-Gvir will move to pro-military policies and social left ideas that will put him at odds with the Ultra Orthodox, or he goes harder right that puts him at a collision course with Likud and the U.S-aligned establishment at large. Staying where he is--doing nothing and promising nothing--is the only way that this govt will survive 3-4 years. And if he does, he is politically finished next elections.
Ben-Gvir did not magically acquire his seats out of thin air. The exact same political instability that befell Lieberman and moved him to the center-left camp, and then Bennett, will befall him. I do not see that happening--him picking a fight with the Ultra-Orthodox or upholding the state's values--hence I expect the camp to fracture as I do not see Ben-Gvir as a compromising man or a politicking one.
Again, as soon as his voting base sees he is a toothless wolf, he will collapse and will need to rejuvenate his political identity, and that will come in the form of taking notes out of Lieberman and Bennett's books and trying not to repeat their mistakes. The alternative to that is that he goes even harder right and promises even worse things, which will cause the right-wing camp to fracture.
Ben-Gvir's sudden electoral power doesn't come from his position on Judea and Samaria, Temple mount or even judicial system. His election campaign was all about internal security. This is what gave him the power in these elections and this what he will try to deliver. Of cause he will try to implement everything else Otzma Yehudit stends for, but those wouldn't be the "red lines", simply because this is not what most of his voters sent him to do. And achieving proper internal security is something that every party in the coalition support, so this wouldn't put him into collision course with anyone.
I'm counting elections-to-elections, which is a proper way of counting, because the limit of 4 years is on Knesset and not on the government. They collapsed because if they didn't, then it would be elections in November anyway. Due to that Liberman created a pretend argument to improve his position for the upcoming elections. Moreover, him leaving the coalition still left the coalition with 61. But again, because it was just a few months before elections would be scheduled otherwise, some other party also decided to make grand-standing on some other issue.
The following Liberman's "real fracturing" had absolutely nothing to do with the excuse he used to dissolve the coalition and everything to do him being really threatened by the electoral threshold (due to his electorate literally dying of old age) and him needing to find new type of voters.