It's reached the point where she's throwing everyone's shit at the wall to see if enough of it sticks.
Asking courts to overthrow election results, a hitherto untried approach to politics. Interesting to consider the extent to which this could adversely affect other Republican politicians who don't come out against Lake's foolishness/craziness. That'd be in general elections; backing Lake would have no down side in Republican primaries.
Isn't it all about donations? It worked gangbusters for her Orange Idol. The more outrageous and perhaps criminal things he did, the more donations he got.
Holy shit! Claiming that social media companies removing posts that violate their ToS is an intrusion on free speech and cost her the election?
The right to “free speech” doesn’t apply to private entities like a social media company. And even where the First Amendment does apply, the right to free speech isn’t infinite. This like claiming that a restaurant cost her the election by closing for the night and not allowing people to share their thoughts, i.e. engage in “fReE sPeACh” at the bar 24 hours a day.
I love how no real lawyers would sign the lawsuit. If they had they could face sanctions for knowingly submitting false evidence.
The irony of claiming that long lines and voter disenfranchisement affected her turnout is hilarious.
Seriously though, RepubliKKKans need to get it through their thick skulls that the Constitution isn’t just a license to say whatever, whenever you want, and to be lying seditious assholes who constantly run roughshod over the law, commit acts of fraud and terrorism, and foist their religion and bigoted, abhorrent, fascist ideology on everyone else. We have a lot of freedoms in this country, many of which the GOP is hypocritically trying to undermine, but those freedoms are neither infinite nor applicable in all places at all times. For a group that loves- or used to love- to claim that it’s for “small government” and liberty, these GQP clowns sure are trying to interfere a lot in how businesses act and who is entitled to liberty.