Seriously. Degrading your naval fleet in a land war is on par with losing the emu war to the emus or civil war reenactors suffering more casualties at the reenactment than the actual battle.
They had to pull back or else land units will hit them relentlessly. A ship being attacked by land targets it's not designed to fight is at a serious disadvantage. It's clear that Ukrainians are able to pose a significant threat to the fleet judging by the Moskva.
Come on man, they don't park ships there. The Black Sea fleet has been active for almost 250 years. Plus, where else would you sail them to? The North Sea? Good luck attacking Ukraine from there.
There was one, I'm trying to find the article. But it was in Texas or South Carolina and they were reenacting a battle at the end of the war where the armies found out the war ended before the battle started. Some civil war reenactor had a heart attack running across the field. It was in a Dave Barry column a few years ago.
For all intents and purposes they are parking ships there. A navy without mobility is useless. And they are basically immobile. They're not allowed to pass through the Dardanelles. And as Ukrainians get higher range weapons and advance westward, they are increasingly hemmed in until they basically have to stay in port to be protected. And at that point, why even build hugely expensive mobile warships?
The Black Sea fleet' primary focus has mostly been defending the southern naval approach to Russia from a NATO attack through the Dardanelle straight. This would in turn put the Russian fleet in the defensive sphere of their own land-based anti-ship missiles.
With Turkey joining NATO in 1947, Russia has been forced to maintain this fleet. One might say even since the signing of the treaty of Montreux in '36, continually forcing manpower and material away from the Pacific and Baltic fleet. I agree that it has proven mostly irrelevant in the Ukrainian conflict, but that is mostly because its not built around it.
Building hugely, expensive mobile warships is exactly what you want to do in the case you win the NATO conflict in the Black Sea and wish to project it further in to the Mediterranean.
Just to be clear, I do not support or endorse the attack by Russia on Ukraine nor support the Russian regime.
But that's not what they're up against. The last thing it should have faced is a determined land based Ukrainian combat situation. The fleet isn't designed for that. The irony is they prepared for a war that isn't happening while ignoring the biggest threat possible to the fleet. Pissed off Ukrainians.
Yeah, no, there is literally no other place for them to be. Turkiye would never let them leave and would never let any other ship enter during wartime. They're trapped in the Black Sea.