>The symptoms of fascist thinking are colored by environment and adapted to immediate circumstances. But always and everywhere they can be identified by their appeal to prejudice and by the desire to play upon the fears and vanities of different groups in order to gain power. It is no coincidence that the growth of modern tyrants has in every case been heralded by the growth of prejudice. - Henry A. Wallace, Vice President, USA, 1944.
“Fking Jews This is why I never trusted you Hitler had Jewish Blood!” - also Putin (although the Hitler thing was Lavrov.
So basically, Putin just assumed Zelensky was going to act like his lapdog just because he was Jewish. And then was shocked, shocked! When that didn't happen.
All in all I don’t know why anyone expects anything more out of Russia. They’ve been a dogshit nightmare hellscape for over 200 years.
You have to remember the Soviet’s were Allie’s with the nazis and helped set the conditions of the Western Europe and company to actually be the first to exterminate Jews en masse.
The pagroms of the imperial ages were awful as well, considering the Russian imperialists are the ones who cooked up and set loose the elders of Zion shit as well.
I mean we are talking go about the same country that during a pogrom gentile citizens were using Jewish babies to throw through the windows of Jewish business’s before setting them on fire.
The USSR only acted in manners that in some way,shape or form was expedient or useful for them to include anything to do with their history of murdering Jewish people.
Russia has been a bad faith acting self interested hellscape for at least 2 centuries that frankly should have been stomped out at the conclusion of the last world war.
Because the way WWII was taught in Soviet and later Russian history lessons, the Nazis were evil because they invaded Russia, and the Russians were their primary victims. The Holocaust is either glossed over or not mentioned at all.
The Soviet Union was also horrendously anti-semitic itself, with Jews being treated like second-class citizens. And modern Russia's done almost nothing to come to terms with that legacy.