To some degree for sure but ultimately people do this because there’s nearly zero viable way to get a dog one place from the other in the air. Flying dogs under the plane in the winter pretty much isn’t available anywhere and airlines have a long history of killing dogs in cargo. This phenomenon more so shows demand in a free market that is yet to be properly serviced. Surprised some under utilized airline hasn’t made a pay for your pet service yet.
A lot of people won’t pay extra for a pet friendly airline if they can just cheat the existing system for free. I see it with hotels, there are pet friendly hotels that charge pet fees but people just go to the hotel they want and claim their pet as “service dog” to dodge the fees.
I watched a hilarious exchange checking out of hotel once, peeps got caught with dog and was trying to argue the fine/fee/penalty.
Than will be the next thing that changes. The ESA system is being abused to avoid pet deposits and added pet rent, I assume that hotels and landlords will be the next in line for change.
I'm confused at why it's such an issue to get regulated (beyond normal issues getting anything regulated lol). Like I've seen people insist that stores can't ask you what your dog is for etc. but couldn't this all be solved by having a regulatory body that gives a license, like a handicap parking card?
At least you acknowledge they aren’t real service dogs and thankfully the DOT recently changed the designation so we won’t see emotional support dogs or any other emotional support animal on US flights anymore.
The airline will designate it as a pet, per the new law, and that will be the end of it. They have no legal obligation to let that dog fly like they do a blind guide dog.
I think your “designation” will only be useful for housing, not flying. That will also be short lived as that is also being abused.
Let me guess…you think your fur baby love is equal to maternal/paternal love and that dogs and kids should be treated the same ?