More of an army green, really. With a camo pattern made out of € symbols. Party leader and current German foreign minister is a product of the Young Global Leaders program of the World Economic Forum. That party has been overtaken and transformed from somewhat hippie and pacifist roots into thinly veiled capitalism apologists with plenty of ties to the military-industrial complex. Their unique selling point is making people feel better by symbolic policies, while preventing any substantial change. Demographically, their voters have the highest average earnings amongst the entire political spectrum in Germany, so about as establishment as it gets.
The implication being that if the will was there, the government absolutely could issue an order to continue with nuclear power, but they prefer to burn coal instead.
Could they not have sacrificed opposition to nuclear power instead? Germany's nuclear industry has an , after all (last incident: 1987), and not shutting down the remaining three plants would save a lot of CO2 emissions.
It wasnt their decision to phase out nuclear before coal and gas. Greens just get all the blame now because theyre trying to solve the shitshow given to them by 16 years of terrible CDU/SPD governance. Alex Springer media (which includes Politico) will also never miss an opportunity to shit on any party which isnt CDU or FDP.
Conveniently leaving out the fact that all NPP operators refused multiple times in 2021/22 to restart or extend their plants because of the law that CDU/FDP signed in 2011. Following that, operators didnt buy any new fuel rods, kept maintenance to a minimum, didnt extend their supply chain contracts, licenses etc. The cost is too high, therefore even capitalists agree that renewables are the better investment for both short and long term. Greta doesnt seem to realise that money is finite and that it should be spent on the most efficient option (its not nuclear).
Germany already gets more than 16000MW from coal. This is part of a bigger problem, a CDU/SPD-made coal and gas overreliance. The time it takes to restart NPPs and get their supply chain going wont solve this short term problem either.