Looks like the Kremlin is not just recruiting , but also foreign nationals who were imprisoned in Russia.
> Nathan Lemekhani Nyirenda, 23, was serving a nine-year prison sentence in Russia after being convicted of drug possession in 2020.
Don't worry, she's going to be wearing the t-shirt she was arrested in, shorts and one sock (all unwashed for months, of course) in 20F weather to balance out.
Anythihg thats a human rights violation, that's just music to russias ears, and they pencil it in ASAP.
That said, the one thing I haven't heard of is women being forced yet. So does that go for women's prisons too? I think she's OK right now but Russia is absolutely desperate and I don't put it past them to empty those too soon. And maybe for roles like trench digging, medic help, idk. It's Russia, so u never know and don't hold your breath bc they don't do whats right - they just do what they want and what they think benefits them.
Hmm, I wonder why people can't seem to remember this particular point, or the more general point that all the information we have on her (including her "confession") comes from Russia's lying mouth, when it comes to Griner?
Because no independent party has ever confirmed the veracity of these claims. Literally only the Russian authorities have stated that she "had the drugs". No witnesses. No actual doctor in the US has confirmed this. Nothing, but the word of the Russian state.
So the question, to me, remains open. I don't really care that no one else is disputing it. Seems to me that the basic facts here remain unconfirmed, as the only party having ever confirmed them are, well, Vladimir Putin and his crony kleptocracy, which includes everyone from airport security to state-appointed lawyers.
Her state-appointed attorney stated that she had a prescription for marijuana, reading (in court, as reported by Russian authorities and not by independent third parties) a "letter from a medical center in Arizona and a US doctor".
Brittney Griner was sentenced to 9 years in a Russian prison for carrying less than 1 gram of cannabis oil in her luggage.
I did see of them searching her bag, stopping her and taking out her stuff, then making her sign something.