In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
For someone who had to pay someone to take his college exams and who does not like to read he is far from being the smartest person in the room. But he is a narcissistic sociopath who likes to try to project he is the smartest person in the room. The fact his cult believes that just goes to show how ignorant and desperate these people really are. Unfortunately the rest of us in the meantime have to suffer the consequences as well.
This is true when it comes to almost if not all strongmen and want-to-be strongmen like Trump throughout history.So much so that Stalin by purging his military of the brightest people and any potential rivals almost brought his and his country down fall during World War II.
Hell, given the way Russia has not performed during the invasion of Ukraine you would have to draw the same conclusions there as well.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
This right-wing education fascism needs to start being called out more. Whether through vouchers or not accepting allocated federal money, they are trying to ostracize students of marginalized groups out of existence. This is absolutely heinous & cruel.
The term is narcissistic sociopath. I’m not trying to be the smartest person in the room. I just feel it’s extremely important when talking about such an amoral, corrupt, narcissistic sociopath POS who tried to destroy our Republic and is attempting to do the same to this day all to satisfy his tiny little ego that we label it correctly for what it is.
The main difference between sociopathy and narcissism is the degree to which someone disregards others. People with sociopathy have no regard for the rights of others or the law, whereas someone with narcissism doesn't have empathy for others, but isn't always dangerous. Another key difference is motivation.