In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
If criticizing the very real influence of the very real pro-Israel lobby on American politics is anti-Semitic, that word has lost all meaning. The most any serious person can say about it is she was \extremely\ uncareful with her words.
Hard disagree on there not being other motives. She was picked because she’s a Muslim immigrant and woman of color who’s been critical of Israel. Screwing her over checks a lot of hate boxes for their rabid base.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
TBC, this is about power. There are a number of excuses that are going to come up, but it's about vengeance for Gosar and Greene.
That's it. Nothing more to it; no other motive. It's about saying "Well, they had someone removed from committees too".
I agree on your reason it was her specifically. If she hadn't gotten reelected, I think it would be someone else, though. They would have kicked someone off committees because this isn't about any specific disagreement or distrust, just the principle of retaliation.
I'll grant you that the reason behind it being Omar specifically was probably her ethnicity and some of her statements. But they were kicking someone off when they got the chance, specifically because it was done to them. They threatened to remove people from committees immediately after Greene and Gosar were removed. This is the follow-through on that.
This is about revenge. No need to involve AIPAC with it. If AIPAC was relevant here, Summer Lee wouldn't be on committees either (remember, they spent heavily on preventing her from getting a seat, too).
Oh, Gosar and Greene don't care, but the motivation is purely vengeance. They're going to do something similar for Biden and Harris--I'd guess they're getting impeached at least three times. Most people aren't that interested in committee assignments.
If you look at the Republican behavior of the last thirty years or so, vengeance is a significant motivator for a lot of their actions. "We got a Mueller Report, so we're retaliating with a Durham Report (that catches Trump in a financial crime)." "We got Nixon, so we're going to impeach Clinton." So on and so forth.
I can see that argument, but at least in the House, they're not that focused. If it was McConnell, I'd agree with you; out of the current GoP crop he seems to be the most mechanical (and even he's pretty vengeful; see blocking Supreme Court nominee). But McCarthy and the rest of the House Rs are a lot less disciplined than Senate Rs and tend to be pretty cantankerous (see: Speaker fight), so it's more likely to my mind that they're just reacting.