In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It’s not that deep or complicated- Americas relationship with Israel is fucked up and inexcusable on the most basic level.
They orchestrated a sustained combined-arms attack on the USS Liberty, a ship clearly flying and marked with American flags in international waters, killing 34 and wounding 171- just to delay our intel that they started their invasion against Egypt.
Omar should be allowed to be the most anti-Israel voice on a committee that is overwhelmingly pro Israel.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Then we let them just pay off the victims families and we did Jack shit about it. We allow them to be one of the largest foreign lobbying powers in our government, they’re the only country in the world that we put no terms on the aid they receive (despite not needing it- they are a major arms exporter to the world, a nuclear power, not in need of any additional equipment or they wouldn’t be handing it out everywhere), their military is no longer at risk against any combination of local armies (even in the past they walked over several armies at once… you think Russia was a joke with ukraine? Israel fucks.). There’s no excuse, it makes no sense, and Omar seems to be the only damn person actually representing American interests instead of succumbing to the Israel lobby on this issue. It’s fucking asinine, really. She needs more support. As a vet- how the fuck do we just let them attack and kill us and influence our government and still have any faith in our leaders?? The FUCK.