No way. I'm sure we'll unify and defeat this together by masking up, taking precautions, and getting an updated flu vaccine. No one will get weird about it, everyone will support one another through the crisis, and do their part.
Don't worry, bro We're at the stage where everything is going to be just fine with just a little simple human cooperation.
“This global spread is a concern,” he said. “We do need globally to look at new strategies, those international partnerships, to get on top of this disease. If we don’t solve the problem across the globe, we’re going to continue to have that risk.”.
"This is humanity. Your infection is very important to us. Unfortunately, all hosts are busy. Please stay on the line, and we'll begin processing your viral proteins as soon as possible.".
True. In comparison, another avian influenza, the 1918 Pandemic f/k/a the Spanish Flu, had a mortality rate of 10% and infected 1/3 of the global population.
"It is estimated that about 500 million people or one-third of the world’s population became infected with this virus. The number of deaths was estimated to be at least 50 million worldwide with about 675,000 occurring in the United States." .
It needed to be treated like a hurricane. Batten down all hatches. Then again, there's always enough people who think that the hurricane is time for a party and to sing in the rain.
Plug those numbers in today, and that would be 266 million people gone, equivalent to the entire population of Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and Ireland.
Just warning humanity now, if one of you bastards decides to get frisky with a mink like you did with the pangolin and the monkey, you're gonna f- us all.
In October, a large outbreak occurred on a mink fur farm in Spain. Researchers who described the outbreak in a paper published last month believe that wild birds initially transmitted H5N1 to the mink farm, but once there, it spread from mink to mink.
Ironically, if people had consistently masked, isolated, and followed other precautions soon, the SARS-CoV-2 could have been contained as SARS-CoV-1 was in 2003.
“This outbreak signals the very real potential for the emergence of mammal-to-mammal transmission,” Michelle Wille, a wild bird virus researcher at the University of Sydney, told the CBC.
“This is incredibly concerning,” Tom Peacock, a virologist at Imperial College London, told Science Magazine. “This is a clear mechanism for an H5 pandemic to start.”.
None of the workers, who wore protective gear, at the farm seem to have gotten infected. But some scientists worry that minks could be a kind of stepping stone for the virus to make a jump to humans.