Growing up hearing stories about Lebanon from my best friend who was Lebanese and went there every year, I can def believe it.
When you realize Syria basically owns/runs Lebanon, you understand anything terrible is indeed possible.
It’s super sad because Beirut and much of Lebanon are really beautiful and the people there are great.
Lebanese people, in very small groups or one on one, are great and amazing. But get a crowd of Lebanese together assures that nothing will get done. Or at least with any efficiency or order. The society is broken. It will only get much worse before it gets better.
I can’t disagree or agree since I don’t know enough about large groups of Lebanese in Lebanon. But all the first/second gen Lebanese friends I have in America have really good jobs and are extremely motivated and successful.
However for the nation of Lebanon it's extra true as they have mandated religion for different offices- Christian, Shia, Sunni for different ones. On the surface it's good as it prevents, say, Sunnis from persecuting Shiites, or Christians from persecuting Muslims. At the same time, it leads to a very very very split government.
My friend’s parents built a big house to stay in the country part time in Southern Lebanon right before a time of conflict a while back between Lebanon/Syria and Israel.
I imagine not having full proper control over your country and dealing with terrorists launching attacks from your soil and Israel attacking Hezzbollah back would not help you stay motivated.
They had rockets and missiles flying over their house at all hours and never knew if their house was still there at the end of the day (they were living in LA at the time).
Maybe but I live in Canada and I don’t have to fear a small fraction of what happens there over here. We’re multicultural and our people are not war torn by religion.
I still can’t be sure if Lebanon’s multi-confessional parliamentary system encourages the warlord culture of Lebanese politics, or if it’s the warlord politics that encourages the multi-confessional system. Either way, this system was what helped end the civil war. But the civil war warlords have only just recently been retiring out. (Aoun is a recent example).
It would be too lazy to blame Lebanon's issues on religion (including, tangentially, Zionism). But it’s also just so easy to do so.