Mix of Bibi poisoning the right wing with real life Frank Underwood tactics and left being generally incompetent. In western countries failed leftist policies cost taxes in Israel they weaken security and feeling safe is a high priority human instinct. I think the latest waves of violence during a centrist government did a tremendous amount of damage to the ideals of coexistance, and so we won't see the left for a while.
Which is why center-left must unite, form a coherent message people can understand and earn trust. As opposed to Avoda-Meretz fiasco or Raam's "let me talk to my (real criminal) field commanders before I consider a vote", and here-and-there Gantz - who under different circumstances might've been a very good figurehead as far as security is concerned.
Sorry but their all unimaginative, egotistical clowns with no possible coherence in their aims. Sadly that are too silly to set aside differences.
Also, let's give it to him, he keeps it on track. I mean Likud, Shas, Yehudat haTora - they are around since forever, and their objectives - whatever they are - didn't change. As to the centrist parties (which is our hope to form a coalition) - I can't even keep track of what they are called, let alone of what their position is.
If I were a liberal Israeli I would demand their heads roll and new party leaders selected. Israel needs new blood to counter the old blood. Lapid is just a sad pale Netanyahu clone in the making. He's quite cringy.
He's very very skilled at what he does. He's in a whole different ballgame as he's ruthless with literally no visible ideal other than straying in power. Other politicians in the so called left center are absolute jokes with egos and no carisma. And this is exactly the way he wanted it.
But Israeli politics is very close. Any one interest group can shift the balance of power. So Netanyahu is basically beholden to a bunch of freaky weird caucuses with a mix of far right racial and religious politics, and the opposition can only win power by getting some traditional right wing allies to agree to a power sharing agreement with parties dedicated to Palestinian rights.
Israel uses an unusual form of government, proportional representation, where a party that gets 5% of the vote gets 5% of the seats.
The major parties won't form a coalition together, so the governing party is whichever one can make the best offer to all of the special interest parties. The last few governments have even had a rotating cabinet and even rotating prime ministers in the same coalition.
And when they do, it really only lasts until the other party can negotiate a better offer. That's why they've had five different coalitions in three years.
I understand proportional representation has some fans, but it's very obviously failing to produce a stable government in Israel.
Democracy is fine when an elected but criminally indicted politician makes a coalition with criminals and fanatics. Extreme changes to the judicial and enforcement bodies etc.
This is looking more like Tyranny of the majority / regime change to better mr Netanyahu rather than a Democracy. Netanyahu wants the Erdogan model for Israel.