In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Remember that East Palestine elected the people (republicans) who removed the regulations which allowed this to happen. They are just having this inability to accept they brought this to their own doorstep.
Meanwhile DeWine refused to ask for help from the Feds. I also venture to say that if Biden showed up they would boo him and say they were being used as political pawns.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
If you read the report, that's actually not true. People talk about the brakes a lot but this train wouldn't have been classified as a high-risk train because it only had a few cars with chemicals on it. The law that was deregulated only was for very high risk trains which this one was not.
It's possible the brakes could have been on this train even though it wasn't classified as high risk, but we can't guarantee it.
You honestly believe that regulations wouldn't have helped and that owners were not operating as cheaply as possible not caring too much about the potential of an accident?
I do believe they were operating as cheaply as possible, but the NTSB specifically says that the regulation wouldn't have helped. Why would we believe otherwise? Other regulations such as better maintenance or having more people on the train or better detection technology all would have probably prevented the issue. But that one regulation about the brakes. I don't think so.
I'm sorry but how does that make? Any sense? There are still rules and regulations that they have to follow. It's just one small set of rules was undone and so our knowledge there's been no ill effects from that.
The news being spread though even in this reddit post is that Trump is responsible for the incident because of the deregulation of brakes.
He is responsible for a full on "regulations are bad" destructive administration. He sided with corporations every time. No owner of a railroad was under any pressure to shore up operations. In fact he made the accident possible by removing any potential government oversight.
If you know that you will not have to meet any regulations which might come or be held to any safety concerns you might just cut corners more - you think?