Casualty rates are often reported as being broadly equal, so it could come down to a crude equation of whether Ukraine can retake territory before Russia would inevitably win a numbers game.
At the moment Ukraine has been able to regain territory at a rate to suggest that they can get over the line. If the front deadlocks though, then that becomes a different equation.
What happens however if they push Russia up to their border? Does Russia continue firing from the other side? In which case does Ukraine then have to cross the border?
Neither Ukraine nor Russia seem to show a lack of manpower anytime soon. The issue for both sides are mostly material, which much depends on how aid Ukraine will get and how large Russia's weapon stockpiles actually are.
Ukraine has already been attacking military targets in Russia proper, so that's definitely something they'd continue to do if Russia refuses to give up. Sending troops in any significant number over the border seems unlikely tho.
But I doubt that would be an issue. If Russia would lose the war that hard, war support would probably be quite low in all classes of society.
France in early 1914 and Ukraine in early 2022 had effectively the same population, about 40 million people. France suffered 1.4 million dead and 4.2 million wounded in WWI. Ukraine so far has suffered somewhere around 100k total casualties.
It is extremely difficult to break a modern nation through sheer body count. You might be able to break the political will to fight, but it would take a very, very long time for this war to burn itself out through casualties alone.
Ukraine today is in much the same position as France in WWI, being under invasion from a neighbor who poses an existential threat. But I do agree that Russia does not compare, because their people do not have that sort of strong reason to wish for continued war. High casualties very well may lead to the end of the war through political defeat in Russia.
the current trend is that russia gets worse trained and equipped troops while Ukraine gets better trained and equipped troops. I doubt the initially high losses on Ukraine's side where a lot of territorial defense units were holding back the 'best' russia had will be repeated.
Russia's best is long dead, while thousands of western trained troops flood to Ukraine's front lines. Add modern APCs, IFVs and now MBTs, the tech advantage is becoming extremely one sided. Dont forget, even now, Russia has more troops, arti, tanks etc than Ukraine, and the losses have been steadily decreasing in relation to russia's based of best guesses by unaffiliated sources.
Ukraine has lost around what russia has, very roughly. so 125k? they have millions of recruits. Last i heard they were still turning people down because they just arent able, even with western help, to train everyone that wants to fight.
Morale for the fight is still sky high in Ukraine. while they have overall less manpower, they wont run out for years yet. were talking several million people still willing but not able to get into uniform.