\^\^ For those who don't know - reparations were paid to slave owners (to compensate their loss of 'property') after the abolition of slavery - not to the slaves themselves.
Slaves were lucrative property for most slaveowners and were expensive to purchase in the first place. Then they had to feed, house and clothe them (though they usually did the bare minimum in those respects). This is why only the wealthy owned slaves generally speaking.
Politicians then, as they do now, liked to keep the wealthy happy, so this isn't really surprising from a historical perspective, as gross as it is to our modern eyes.
Not defending the practice of paying slaveowners reparations back in the day, just explaining the reasoning for it back then.
Edit-Since I had someone who didn't understand what "generally speaking" meant in my comment above. Here's the explanation:
Generally speaking indicates it wasn't always the case. There were families who owned one slave, and an even smaller group who owned two or three. The Hollywood depictions of plantations with dozens and even hundreds of slaves were not that common as only the wealthy could afford to buy that many people, much less keep them.
None of this is an excuse for the abhorrent practice of slavery, or makes it any less terrible. One person owned by another was ONE TOO MANY. It was an ugly business that we shouldn't white wash but we also need to stop painting all pre-war southerners as evil and complicit.
One thing to keep in mind was that this also varied by state in the U.S. Some states had more wealth, and more large plantations while others had less.
Some owned slaves, yes, and during the American Civil War fought to keep them. Other Southerners (as many as half the fighting men in TN, for instance) fought for the North and most of them didn't support the practice or betraying their own country.
Ignoring the obvious moral issues of slavery, I think it's less about keeping the wealthy happy (although that's an obvious side effect) and more about not having the economy collapse. If entire sectors (or at least substantial portions of them) ran on slave labor, such as farming in America pre-civil war, and one day slavery is suddenly outlawed; now you have severely impacted production of food, clothing, etc if the ex-slave owners can't begin paying wages to their workers. And that's not a sure thing from a business perspective, depending on how much of the slave owners' wealth is liquid, how much debt they have, etc.
Kind of an interesting economic, political, and moral dilemma. Let the slave owners keep their plantations and all their infrastructure to keep the transition as quick and smooth as possible? Should the government seize everything and take over production (basically transition to communism)? Let the entire industries fail until new private businesses are established (truly free market)? The latter two options potentially cause mass shortages and famine for an unknown time period.
Of course, lack of compensation for the freed slaves is a whole 'nother thing that I can't defend. I think we can universally agree that half of it was fucked.
My two cents on that situation. I think paying the ex-slave owners is the worst decision from a moral, humane standpoint. But from the perspective of the bigger economic picture, I can see why that's what governments leaned towards.
I think the problem is that it creates a situation where one group is really compensated for their losses, while one group is forced to maintain the status quo just for the sake of the comfort of the former group.
So, you know, forcing two people to mutually rape each other so they could produce a child which would most likely be sold off.
This is why I made sure to comment about reparations. The thread was new and I wanted to make sure it was brought up early.
Definitely it should have been different. The same happened in the U.S. after the American Civil War when former slaves were promised land and money from the government which was reneged on when they let former confederates vote and run for office again.
Someone else posted that the last of these reparations was paid off by as late as 2015! Not ancient history at all.
I guess my thing is, the descendants of slaves are still dealing with the effects centuries later. If I knew my family had owned slaves, I can't afford to give actual money, but I would like to say I'm sorry.
The apprentice thing was sick too. Were they charged for board during that apprenticeship? Good grief.