In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
His current lawyers are so bad that the only recent court case he won was where his judge read off the script she was handed and when the appeal reached competent judges they forces her to revoke her own ruling.
Trump also can't get a competent lawyer due to most lawyers wanting to get paid and not wanting their reputation ruined.
Trump will never permit them to use mental incompetence as a defense. Not ever. He is incapable of admitting weakness. It was the ultimate sin in his father's eyes and, as a child, he cared about his father's opinion above any other.
No, they can't, not unless he's already been involuntarily committed or agrees to testing (he won't if he knows they're looking for incompetence).
Trump remembers how he fucked over his own father after Fred was diagnosed with Alzheimer's. No way would he agree to anything that would lead to guardianship.
He is a hardcore narcissist. He's not going to allow anyone on 'his' team to argue that he is weak and unable to control himself. He has to feel he's on top of everything and he can fix things.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
At this point, I'm pretty sure the only thing his lawyer ls are for is rubber stamping his rants as legal filings.
"He can never accept reality that is unacceptable for him. Normal people, we all have losses. Trump doesn't have losses. So he denies it. When it comes down to it, if you push him hard enough, which is what has happened, then you see the delusional core of it. It has all the qualities of a delusion.".
He had scalp surgery to hide his baldness. His hair is not where it would be naturally. Ivana said he was so enraged over the pain after the surgery that he pulled out her hair and raped her.