In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
People blame guns a lot, and sure we should have universal background checks to get guns, but it's far more than just easier access to guns that's the problem. We have far higher knife murder rates than other first world countries as well, and it's not access to guns that increases knife murders. If you really want to reduce gun crime, you need to address poverty and draconian drug laws since it's huge root cause of crime in the first place. If we had more social welfare lifting children out of poverty we'd have far lower violent crime rates. If we legalized and regulated drugs we'd have far less gang violence. If we improved our education system we'd have less violent crime and also less homelessness. Addressing income inequality would reduce our mass shooting problem as well. Trying to change which guns mass shooters use is the least effective and also most politically controversial way to try to address gun violence and mass shootings. It just leads to Democrats losing political power and thus any ability to fix the actual root issues of gun violence.
Ten of the 11 (91%) studies employing longitudinal qualitative analyses found a significant association between drug law enforcement and drug market violence. Our findings suggest that increasing drug law enforcement is unlikely to reduce drug market violence. Instead, the existing evidence base suggests that gun violence and high homicide rates may be an inevitable consequence of drug prohibition and that disrupting drug markets can paradoxically increase violence.
The poverty-homicide association implies that instead of “relative deprivation”, “absolute deprivation” is mainly responsible for violent crime.
Intergenerational educational pathways are significantly associated with changes in crime. Downward educational pathways were predictive of increases in crime, whereas upward pathways were associated with decreases in crime.
Specifically, the results indicate areas with the highest number of mass shootings are those that combine both high levels of inequality and high levels of income.