In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It's the same reason English courses in the US have generally accepted national rules even though regional dialects exist and are spoken at home or on the street. Consistency has to be created at the educational level to some extent.
Growing up in west central mn, with the white earth reservation in our county, we had (still have but this was 20 years ago) Ojibwe as a second language. Most lakes have the ojibwe names also on signs.
In practical terms, Ojibwe is to be widely taught as a single language across the entire Great Lakes. It would need to be universalized more in terms of pronunciation, spelling, and grammar to ever be recognized for things like widespread textbooks, AP exams or certification tests. There are already conferences for experts in the language, but some governing body would need to choose either a dominant accent or pick and choose from all the tribal dialects. It's closer to a French and Spanish situation than a british vs american accent thing if you compare all of them.
Why can’t the regional dialects be taught per region? Sounds a bit colonial and the opposite of bringing awareness to the culture by lumping them all into one group…..
Because it means you can't have people move between universities or schools to teach, you can't use the same textbooks, the same online resources, you can't get your degree in Ontario and then move to North Dakota to teach. The languages are barely mutually intelligible over that distance. The regions are smaller than individual states.
If the goal is a widely learned, preserved language, you can't teach with dozens of different dialects and expect anyone to care. The kids on most reservations can learn their local language if they want. But good luck getting anyone to take, let alone certify, the curriculum of a high school or college language program anywhere else if you can't find someone outside of those few square miles of rez that can say it's correct.