Certainly not. But it seems that that's a lesson that's only recently learnt for many of us. Myself included. It will probably never end. It tends to be insidious like that.
Bolsonaro is a piece of shit. But Lula went to jail for his connection to one of the largest corruption cases in history. Both can be shitty and Lula isn't good just because he leans left.
Understand, your cases can’t be thrown out of court unless there was some sort of abuse of the system by prosecutors.
For Crying out loud, do your homework and stop having your news force-fed to you by people with an agenda.
One that usually leans one way, another one that leans the opposite way & one that has no preference.
There was the original court case, Moro was accused of being partial to the prosecution, and it definitely seemed like he was.
He was framed by Bolanaro & his cohorts who were paid millions by the oil & timber industry to look the other way as they extracted resources from the Brazilian Rainforest and polluted the tribal lands of indigenous tribes.
If Lula were interested in making serious money why would he bother to embezzle it when as President before, he could’ve just allowed the oil & timber industry access to the Brazilian Rainforest.
So since you seem to be an enlightened individual, surely you understand that at no point here was the evidence ever denied.
My man, the cases weren’t thrown out, they were annulled by the Supreme Court on the basis of jurisdiction. Meaning, none of the evidence was ever denied.
Then it went to the appeal court, WHICH UPHELD THE VERDICT. Then the Supreme Court said the original court had no jurisdiction over the matter, which annulled the whole process.
Lula got off on a technicality, and now he is your president. Still better than Bolsonaro I guess, since I know what to expect from Lula and he isn’t crazy enough to be an election denier.
He’s the best thing that ever happened to Brazil, changing the economy to a prosperous one & protecting the rights and land of indigenous people who live in the Brazilian rainforest.