In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Which is exactly what Republicans want: A docile electorate they can rob blind that will never complain about it.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Ohio needs to get to work and fight these fucks. Look how hard they have tried/ are trying in Georgia but the will of the people continues to win. Don’t let jackass bullies like gym Jordan win.
I worry that in Ohio many people have just had the Republicans' boots to their necks for so long that they've run out of hope that things will ever get better. They've internalized a belief that they are just going to get poorer and poorer as the state becomes West Virginia and there's nothing they can do about it.
It’s hard for me to try and process/understand that sort of mentality. Especially in America. I have faith in the younger generation that is hitting voting age, grew up with school shootings and seeing republicans do nothing to protect them. I graduated in ‘02 and my generation is just shit. I’ve also chosen to live in a blue state and a blue county. Living somewhere that shares the same goals for the future of the country, world, environment, etc. was a conscious choice.
Some of the videos and articles I’ve seen on here blow my mind. It never fails I am always left dumbfounded that this is how some people in the country are acting. I don’t blame you for feeling that way. Those maga people are scary.
It sounds wimpy, but many people have just succumbed to live as it is here. Ohio is a working state, with not a lot to do outside of job prospects. We also have a decently high boomer population in comparison to our general population, many of whom who haven’t left the workforce yet, meaning it can be hard to progress career-wise. That also means most of these (often conservative) older people vote against our best interest to “keep things as they should be.”.
I hope to see progress and I have seen some in small amounts (like with repro rights), but shaking off the defeatist attitude here will be hard. It’d be great to not be the butt of jokes lol but most Ohioans tend to agree with them, but do nothing about it.