I get ego, prestige, infallible state etc. but even then they could just rebrand it like all the other populists do.
From a medical perspective, China cannot afford to have a full COVID wave even today. They have refused western vaccines and their homemade ones are lacklustre at best. If China will reopen like the rest of the world has done today, their hospitals will buckle like most other nations did in early 2020. Everyone will know someone who fell very sick or died to COVID. In the US, it cost the president his re-election. In China, it could cost Xi his career, legacy, and perhaps even more.
My country (Singapore) maintained a China-style lockdown policy until August 2021. When we reopened society, the COVID wave put pressure on hospitals but fortunately, the death rate was mitigated by near universal vaccination. China will face a similar wave when they reopen but with a subpar vaccine and low uptake among elderly, they will likely see mortality as high as America and Europe at the start of the pandemic.
The only way out I see for China to catch up to western mRNA vaccine tech or to buy western vaccines, then inoculate as many elderly as they can before opening up their society.
Also to be noted: the Chinese vaccine isn't mandatory, and vaccination isn't enforced unlike what we could expect from an authoritarian state.
I'm not sure why that is (not upsetting the population too much to avoid any uprising?), but doing so would help to mitigate deaths even if they aren't mRNA based.
They're the only country left pursuing the mad "zero Covid" ideology. There is seemingly no way out short of revolution or Xi changing his mind, at this point.
A cynical person might think the Chinese Communist party is very happy with the current situation and the level of control it allows them to exert on the population.
China is only "capitalist" in relative terms, to its past self. It is not an economically free country by any stretch. They have allowed enough "sort of capitalism" (since Deng) to enrich a lot of people, that is true. But this is being rolled back by Xi who is a genuine Communist, dumb as a rock, and also a genocidal racist. If they gave a damn about businesses then they would have ended covid zero a while ago, and they wouldn't have obliterated Chinese tech companies. There is nothing left except ideology.
There are elements of the CCP which aren't as daft, pig headed or ideological as Xi. So it remains to be seen if they can take the initiative, or if this episode will end in genuine revolution. It's not a stable equilibrium though, that much is clear to me.