In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
There are plenty of sources much more credible than local news, especially the news seized by Sinclair.
If one side of an issue is advocating for eating kittens as a solution to world hunger and another side is against eating kittens as a solution to world hunger, it's not wrong for a responsible news source to have bias in that argument. If anything, there are many issues (and have been throughout history) where it's woefully irresponsible for those with such a powerful voice to remain unbiased.
I see your point, however, I'm talking professionalism. With all respect, it's not a matter of dispute, it's how one identifies credible news. I know this, I've spent decades devoted to this. If there is bias, a reputable journalist will (without bias) explain all points of view in (again) a non-biased way. It's difficult to do, journalists spend years honing this craft. If it's news - who what where when why and sometimes how, it is not bias. Also, you must bring into account author integrity. If it's a kooky provocateur throwing out bias, that's not credible news, it's opinion, it's editorial, it's not news. I'm talking nuts and bolts here, the kind of stuff that gets one nominated for the pulitzer prize, not junk . I'm talking the kind of sources that you can add to a bibliography when performing professional research. Bias is not inherently bad, not at all. It belongs on the editorial page. However, reputable sources always show both points of view without bias when it is imperative to the value of the story.
This type of journalism is golden and I'd say, rarely read. Like Searle said, Garbage In, Garbage Out.