In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
All of this also reveals just how performative politics in America has become. This man was easily able to transition from drag shows to performative outrage politics.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Of course, R's only care about power, so they couldn't care less about the moral/ethical implications, as long as they get warm bodies on committees.
This is one of the many downfalls of a duopoly system, if one side isn't holding their people to account, the clowns quickly make it a circus.
This happens constantly, especially on the GOP side. The left has their Manchins, but the right is like a pipeline of former democrats who couldn't break into the party. They found out if you wave your hands a lot and yell about jesus and borders people will rush you into a seat. Many of them had aspirations of celebrity before their stint in politics (like MTG and Boebert for instance).
I mean, Trump is probably the most obvious example. He became a Republican as easily as someone changes hats. He switched his opinion on a few key partisan issues, and he became the king of the GOP overnight. It was disgustingly blatant that he didn't give a fuck about any of the GOP's stances, but he repeated his slogans often enough that people forgot who he was.
Nah, drag is entirely an expression of self and joy. What you're talking about is performative morally fueled fascism. It's people getting placated for not wanting to accept that other people do not want to live like them or adhere to the same senses of morally restrictive standard as them. In a country where it's been made legally and constitutionally clear that they don't have a right to expect that privilege. It's a disgusting display of dominance by people so fragile they can't just do their own thing. If another person is living well doing something that hurts nobody but defies my own beliefs, they deserve to be restricted or eliminated. It's not a performance for enough of them that it's goofy as fuck to equate the two.
Agreed. It's starting in a few places, Alaska & Maine if i recall. But on a statewide/national level it would certainly level the playing field against all the gerrymandering and voter suppression.