In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Anyone who believes LaMalfa, McClintock, McCarthy or Conway would face any adverse repercussions in THEIR DISTRICTS just hasn't spent any time in those districts. OTOH, Kim and Steel may come to regret their votes, though Kim seems likely to keep her seat.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
LaMalfa, McClintock, and McCarthy are all in safe red seats. The surprising ones are Kim and Steel, who are both in competitive Orange County districts. Hope their Democratic opponents make this an issue in 2024.
Steel's is more competitive than Kim's. Orange county used to be the domain of unquestioning Republicans, and I figure there are enough left that it'd be difficult for them not to win a few Orange county districts.
They were thinking that they were elected by despicable people, and have to live up to despicable standards. That is easy for them since they are also despicable.
It's honestly fascinating that Calvert voted Yea, while Kim next door and Steel just to the west of Kim voted Nay. Do Orange and Riverside counties really become more Libertarian as one heads EAST from the coast? The only time I've ever spent in Orange county besides 3 visits this lifetime to Disneyland only involved driving through it between Los Angeles and San Diego.
My father remarried after my mother died, and now I have step-family in Redding. Not that I didn't used to spend summers in high school working on Lassen county. The northeast of the state might as well be in Idaho. Not all that different heading south along the Nevada border until you get to the Mojave Desert. I forget if Obernolte's district CA-23 includes Palm Springs. If it does, that likely explains his Yea vote.
Maybe Kim has some ambition with respect to party leadership in the House of Representatives, so figures the only way to go is to vote with the reactionaries on all cultural issues.