In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I’ll go ahead and say “I don’t have enough evidence to say what’s going on” and subsequently continue to trust that people with better qualifications than myself are examining the situation.
I’m deeply skeptical that anyone seriously believes that the most likely explanation for a white powder is “cocaine.”.
That’s just a natural consequence of our media and political environment. I think the correct response is to withhold judgement as I described earlier.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Nope. This subreddit has already determined that this is either cocaine she sent to herself or it’s a false flag operation. No need to get “science” involved. Case closed.
A person deciding to be violent is rare. A person using a hard to access weapon for violence is also rare.
If I had to wager on what it will turn out to be, I’d bet that some innocuous powder was discovered and the victim complex/desire to be seen as being “under attack” led to the response we’re seeing. But I’m not there analyzing the facts and I’d be unqualified to do so.
It's true that hoax attacks are far more common than actual hazards sent in envelopes. But it's just as likely to be somebody with an axe to grind as anything else. Politics is the most obvious answer but sometimes it's just an old conflict where at least one party is just that far gone.
Yeah or someone could have spilled non-dairy coffee creamer onto their deranged letter and it spooked somebody.
Plain and simple, the likelihood that a dangerous pathogen is involved is pretty damned small as a simple consequence of the fact that such hazards are tightly controlled and very few people have access to them.
It’s exactly the opposite of day, the likelihood that “politics” radicalized someone with access to a gun or a hammer.
Only really shit cocaine is running around as a powder. That’s some low-end street user shit. Proper blow comes in a rock and has to be crushed and chopped before use.