Hard to hit 20% EV rate in Canada if there are no EVs to buy in Canada. My parents tried to buy a PHEV Toyota Rav4 and were told there was a six year waiting list. Yes, six YEARS. They settled for a PHEV Hyundai Tuscon, and they were told it would be maybe a year and a half.
So its a transfer period to 2035 until all vehicles need to be EVs.To be honest, sounds delusional considering the climate and how huge canada is. I feel like Infrastructure and battery technology for colder climates is just not there yet to make these sort of laws.
Just to clarify: all new car sales will need to be EVs, starting in 2035. Not all vehicles on the roads though (since there will still be many previously-purchased cars on the roads and for sale as used cars).
PHEV requires a large upgrade in residence electric infrastructure that's not "more than possible" and probably more like implausible.
Then consider that the vast majority don't even have a car plug in location anyway. You want them running extension cords from the 7th floor of their condo units down to the street, or down the block? Across the road?
Are you willing to put your money where your mouth is? If I and others can prove that adding a full 15A circuit to our existing 100A service isn't free, you pay the tab. Deal?
Well, now you know some. But assuming your wealth and willingness match your confidence, I look forward to the $8000 you'll me sending me to make the necessary upgrades. Venmo will be fine. We'll send thank you cards.
As for the 30 mile/50 km commute in good weather, I'll remind to check the headline. Canada will have longer commutes and the weather there will crush most charging, battery and range assumptions.
Then you run into millions of cases where the utility simply won't allow it, even if you do actually come through with funding. Electric grid infrastructure is a mess. A serious mess. Capacity is already exceeded in many locales, so adding 100% of the driving public's electric car usage is probably not feasible. And I don't see one party allowing infrastructure upgrades any time soon.
1 - buying a PHEV to NOT plug it in wasn't the argument that you're now oddly co-signing (and it's a foolish idea anyway, and certainly does nothing for the climate crisis).
2 - Same offer to you to put your money where your mouth is. You'll give your word here and now to pay the cost? You're claiming $200-300, so I'll deduct that from the total if you have the integrity to put your money where your mouth is.
So you only know a couple of people and they have far below average commutes. And apparently all of Canada is allowed to come plug in at your workplace.
Edit: Average is more useful, plus it's what you claimed and what I corrected you on. Deceptively trying to change now to hide that mistake just doubles the culpability.
You're "patently" wrong. If the entire country (or even your whole neighborhood) all went PHEV tomorrow, upgrade would be required.
As for your idea of everyone buying PHEVs and then using them as gasoline only, that's "patently" senseless. And it wouldn't really help the climate crisis either.
Canada's at 7% EV sales in 2022, and there's huge waitlists for EVs (and automakers all have big plans to increase production).
60% by 2030 and 100% by 2035 are less certain, but still very plausible, time will tell. It's hard to know for sure what the technology and infrastructure landscapes will look like by then.
And it's worth remembering that Canada's 2030 target is still lower than where Norway (the world leader in EV sales) is at today.
It's not that hard to believe that Canada could go from 7% EV sales to 100% in the next 13 years, particularly given the rapid pace of technological improvements that we've seen for EVs over the past 13 years.
So they probably aren't the type of people to buy brand new cars, so they won't be directly affected by the mandate, even when it hits 100% new EV sales in 2035.
There's a lot of time for infrastructure upgrades between now and 2040 or whenever they switch to EVs.
And just to be clear (since the headline wasn't), they're mandating that 20% of new vehicle sales must be EVs by 2026, as well as 60% by 2030 and 100% by 2035.
You might be underestimating how much people actually spend on new cars (including SUVs and pick-ups) - the average price of a new car in Canada is now $53k.
For sure, but the people who can't afford $25k for a car generally aren't the ones buying new cars in the first place (regardless of whether it's gas or EV), so the mandate doesn't affect them. Instead they typically buy used cars (for cheaper).
And the other side of the coin, which everyone ignores, is that the operating costs of EVs are way lower. Fueling an EV with electricity in Canada is about 1/4th the price of gas, and they have lower maintenance costs as well.
If you need 500km and can't afford what's on the market in that range, you might just need to wait another 5-10 years for the tech to keep improving and coming down in price, before switching to EV. Or maybe you could buy a used one (once the used car market settles).
Too low for you, sure, but it's enough for lots of people. And as fast-charging infrastructure becomes more prevalent, it'll be less of an issue for most people.