In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Israel rejects proposals where they withdraw behind the international accepted 1967 border, but rather does the war crime of settlers and cleansing of Palestinians in chosen parts. I'd say Israel rejects the reasonable two state solution.
Yep, Palestinians are the ones who decided that Israel should use their military to illegally occupy their land.
Love to see how you'd react to a foreign military coming in and doing a brutal military occupation in your home. Bet you wouldn't be very peaceful.
Jesus fucking Christ Joe.. How about giving the American people a bit of that old Scranton straight talk. The guy is a big bag of shit. Proof that you can be on trial for all manner of corruption and still manage to get ahold of the levers of power. Be warned America, if Trump gets indicted it is only the beginning of the battle.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Israel and Netanyahu will never agree to a two state solution. Their actions have shown their only interest is in a one state solution, with a Jewish majority population.
First, Hamas doesn't represent the Palestinian people. Many are sick and tired of them, but because Hamas has the money and guns it's impossible to remove them at the moment.
Second, I don't blame them for refusing Israel's terms in the past. Their idea of a "two state solution" is essentially Palestine being a vassal state with Israel having the power over the Palestinian state. Not to mention that none of the land stolen will be returned and in fact made all that land Israel is illegally sitting on officially theirs; it can't really make any agreements with other nations without Israeli approval; its military will be very limited; its borders and trade controlled by Israel; etc. etc..
Yeah, the difference is that they were the ones forced off their land, in many cases at gun point. Also let's not forget that even to this day the Palestinians are slowly having what little land that is still theirs being annexed by Israel.
And with a corrupt Bibi back in power once again, there will be no serious attempt at a two state solution.
You mean the bogus offers where Israel still retains control over land that is Palestinian land? You mean the bogus offers where Palestine is just a country in name only, with Israel controlling it's land, sea and air borders? Or how Israel would have literal veto power over any Palestine legislature?
Again, Mr. Necro post, Israel doesn't want a Palestine state. Why? Because then they can't get away with stealing Palestinian land.
Israel never recognized Palestine always had an reason not to. As occupation continued and grew so did resistance. Israel only took, took took, in this Palestinians are like Ukraine, fight against occupation.
Israel exists officially as a country & is recognized by the UN because it was created by the UN. The UN recognizes the US because the US founded the UN as a means to prevent another World War, but yes, most, not all, the land was stolen from the Native American tribes. Also, while yes what became the land of Israel already had Jews living in the regions before it's official formation, they were a minority in the population prior to the formation of Israel, when the Israeli's basically either forcefully removed, killed or relocated Arab Palestinians during and after the 1947 Palestinian Civil War.
The main reason that the Palestinians and most of the Arab states refused to acknowledge Israel, was for three main reasons. First, not a single Arab state, or Palestinian representative was invited, consulted or involved in UN Resolution 181. Second, there was no Palestinian state created alongside an Israeli state. And third, a LOT of Arabs would have to be forced from their homes and relocated, where as very few Jews would've been required to do the same.
... you do realize that Israel still occupies the Gaza Strip right? They control the air, sea and land all around Gaza. Gaza for decades had to get everything through Israel, while Egypt rarely opened up their border to Palestinians. Food, water, power, products, everything has to come through Israel. So no, they still occupy the Gaza Strip. Oh, and Israel is directly responsible for the creation of Hamas.
So the point is, the blame is mostly on Israel. Since Israel took the lands of West Bank and Gaza from Jordan and Egypt in their illegal war in 1967, they've brutally occupied those territories. Stealing, killing, forcefully removing non-Jews, destroying entire communities... yeah, that's why a lot of Palestinians will keep fighting. To protect their homes.
... where did I state that Israel is illegitimate? I didn't, nice strawman though. Also no, there is no state of Palestine. As for the name Palestine, that was given to the region back during the 5th century BCE by Greek historian Herodotus, meaning the land of Philistines when translated. Prior to UN Resolution 181 the Brits had controlled the territory since WWI and referred to it as the Mandate of Palestine. Prior to that the Ottoman Empire controlled it and was still referred to as Palestine.
And you do realize that "all 8 times" the agreement was always one sided in favor of Israel and extremely limiting for a state of Palestine, right? It doesn't return any of the land that Israel has stolen; it heavily limits their military; Israel has full control over their land, sea and air... essentially not actually an independent state, but a vassal.
Also, no, it was more like 93%, as the Israeli's wanted to keep 6.3% to 6.8% of the land for themselves, and the Palestinians didn't want to give them more then 2%. And then there was the issue of Palestinians right of returns, Israeli's were resolute on refusing that. And it wasn't East Jerusalem, Jerusalem would be a joint capital for both states, but the Palestinians didn't refuse that.
And an important note, in two meetings during the Annapolis peace talks, then Prime Minister Olmert promised that after a prisoner exchange with Hamas for Gilad Shalit was finished, the Israeli government would release Fatah prisoners to the Palestinians. Exchange didn't happen until 2011 and his successor, Netanyahu, refused to uphold his predecessors promise.
What ultimately killed the Annapolis peace talks was the corruption allegations against then Prime Minister Ehud Omert and him losing the election.