In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
We’ve never prosecuted a president before because we’ve only recently had criminal presidents and those presidents political parties have been adept at obstructing justice.
If one side says 2+2= 4 and the other side says it’s 16, centrist will suggest 10 not because there isn’t an objective truth, but because they imagine a false middle being closer to both sides thus more agreeable to both sides thus less conflict.
The entire argument is just another version of centrism. Which is summed up as the irrational adoption of a fallacious middle to avoid conflict.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
My guess is that one criminal charge against Trump will result in other charges being filed. Once one prosecutor crosses that line, others will be emboldened to file their own charges.
Will DJT's perp walk for state charges be on the front page of a significant percentage of the worlds newspapers?
Violence from lone actors. Violence from a mob. Political horse-trading. Fear of retribution. Corruption. Greed. Lust for power.
I presume that you meant "how exactly (within the rules)?" The extreme members of the Republican party have abandoned democracy and stacked the Supreme Court with their lackeys.
Unfortunately for centrist, objective reality does exist even when conservative emotional bias has to pretend it doesn’t.
The real question that remains is how will the American people respond after the power grab? Protests, strikes and resistance? Or will the majority surrender their power and accept the new regime?
Will it be Moore vs Harper that grants Secretaries of state the power to choose the victor. Or the same court further dismantles the protections of the voting rights act.
(Hopefully none of this bullshit will ever come to pass, but there are actors out their with some crazy agendas).