In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
These are the things that billionaire controlled corporate media tells Republicans to be afraid of. So, his base will never figure it out. He's doing what the media tells the public what they want.
Controlling what people can and can't learn. Promoting nationalism. Cutting out any information that goes against the narrative of what the government wants. Targeting private businesses that goes against what he wants. Alternative facts. Reject anything that he doesn't like.
It's not even subtle. He's flat out taking the fascist playbook and applying it to Florida. He's changing the voting rules to make sure only Republicans win.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Seriously, read that again. And if you believe that, ask yourself, "Am I really that gullible to believe the person that told me that?". "Does the news organization think I'm dumb enough to believe it?".
Do you live in Florida? Florida has parents finding this stuff in schools There are school boards meetings with parents that can’t even repeat what these books have them Nothing about being gullible strictly informed by actual facts witnessed. The AP Black History course has Queer Theory as a chapter in the curriculum!
Ron DeSantis is fascist, Queer theory is being taught in AP French, why didn't Ron DeSantis ban this course. It's obvious you haven't looked into what you're saying. As you're factually incorrect.
Educated people ask questions. He doesn't want that. He's creating a piss poor educational system so people don't get educated and don't ask questions. This is the shit North Korea does. How can you not see that?
AP French has queer theory, yet it wasn't banned. Anyone who states Ron DeSantis isn't racist, has clearly never investigated what the alleged actions are behind his actions.
Queer theory should never be taught to anyone Oh by the way fascists reside only in the Democrat party That’s what history tells us You obviously have been indoctrinated by the revisionist history in the public schools.
It has queer theory addressing binary and non binary pronouns. AP French isn't the only AP class with queer theory. DeSantis knows this, as he singled out AP African-American History in order to push his fascist, racist agenda.