In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
2) Encourage or promote voting in at least 1 election-related thread or get someone you know to vote with you.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
\- encouraged people to reach out to younger voters, especially 18-24, they are the least likely to vote.
\- encouraged people yesterday and today to think about down ballot races. Even if they were discouraged by the big races, they could still get behind local issues like more bike lanes and better transit options. Hoping to get people out that don't plan to.
I only regret not discussing down ballot voting sooner. The reality is that a chunk of people are disinterested in politics, maybe because they have people pressuring them in their families, etc. But connecting with them on local interests might stir up more interest.
I also wish i knew more people in swing states. I would have liked to do more in that area. Or at least nudge people there.
We made sure our in-laws, rural farmers, would be voting democrat. Sometimes it means having an uncomfortable or awkward political conversation but it is worth doing for the sake of our country and the future.
Thanks for taking the time out of your day to get people out there, I hope I speak for everyone hear when I write that this is fundamental work, but certainly work that is not recognized enough.
Too many people have taken democracy for granted until recently, but I’m glad there are those that keep working to support it, knowing it can be lost.
How easily people forget Trump is responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Americans. Had he been pro mask and pro science so many people would still be alive. Things felt better under Trump? Not for those who died it didn't.