Russia has been doing shit like this for years now, and should remind everyone that Putin already declared war on the West.
He’s just furious that we finally woke up and started retaliating. And that his military sucks borscht.
They started their hybrid war against the west a decade ago. By the time of Brexit they had years of practice eg in Eastern Europe and of course Ukraine and Russia itself.
Firstly so Putin can point to other countries problems and say western democracy is just as corrupt, if not more so, than Russian . If that is perceived to be true then the Russian public won't bother wanting true democracy.
The second big purpose is to cause the affected countries to turn their attention inwards. That leaves Putin and the Kremlin to do whatever they please while others aren't paying attention.
The ultimate goal though is simply for Putin to live. To continue living he needs to remain in power. For that to remain so he believes he needs to stop people wanting and trying to bring about democracy.
The ultra paranoid KGB brain in Putin believes that America and the CIA are always plotting to overthrow him. He sees democracy and NATO as weapons used by America and the CIA to topple him. He's deadly afraid of being toppled as has happened by other dictators.
Boris Johnson seized the moment to be Churchill. That was a dream of his. The war also served as a distraction from his own scandals. It became a running joke here in the UK that Johnson would get a phone call from or visit Ukraine whenever someone asked a difficult question. It was his way of hiding and no different than the fridge incident.
I'm not saying it is wrong for the UK to help, far from it, but I am saying there were other motives for helping. Johnson only ever thinks of Johnson. He's been like that throughout his entire life. He did say let the body bags pile high during the pandemic so he's not worried about people needlessly dying unless it is himself.
Regarding Putin, yes it has backfired. How much depends on how much the Russian public actually know and how much they wish to protest.
That is a difficult thing to measure as they know exactly what happens if you speak out against Putin or protest. Even before the war the police would beat you senseless and the "justice" system would leave you with crippling debts as punishment for speaking out.
The problem is that there are plenty of people who support the war as they believe the Kremlin propaganda. At a basic level there are two groups. The older demographic tend to get their news only from Kremlin controlled TV. They tend to support Putin. The younger demographic tend to get their news online and tend to dislike Putin.
On top of that, there are people who don't think Putin has gone far enough. They've taken the propaganda and really ran with it! Some of them will not be satisfied unless Ukraine is destroyed in a total victory. These ultra nationalistic people who are baying for blood and total conquest could cause Putin a major headache as anything but a total victory will be seen as a failure and a sign of weakness. If Putin were to be branded as a weak unpatriotic cowered by enough people to gain significant momentum it could be very damaging to his fictitious image as the tough strong man of action, a world leader on par or greater than American presidents.
Except as we saw last year, it can backfire pretty spectacularly when you put your foot into international business yourself, where any sign of weakness (such as not taking Ukraine in 3 days like planned) opens you up to all these other western countries you've spent a decade or more messing with finally seeing an opportunity to knock you down a size. I doubt the UK for example would be as gung-ho in regards to weapons shipments to Ukraine if Russia hadn't been poisoning their citizens in botched assassination attempts, or meddling in their politics.
There are also people who hate how their quality of life has deteriorated since the fall of the Soviet Union. Those want Putin to restore the Soviet Union so they can return to the life they were accustomed to.
So in light of the above, don't expect a halt to the war should Putin die. Backtracking now against all that propaganda would be very difficult. Besides, Russia has a past history of not pulling out of a war when changing leaders so again we cannot take it for granted.
Lastly, it took some time to open investigations into some of the assassinations in the UK. People didn't want to rock the boat. They wanted Russian resources (fossil fuels and money, big donations) and some foolish people may have thought they could rehabilitate Putin by bringing him into the fold, so to speak. I wonder if that was an idealistic dream or the lie they kept telling themselves or others to justify their actions.
That is the perception Putin and the Kremlin are hoping the general public has, that it is mercenaries and scum being killed and not their kids.
A rather late edit I know, but I just wanted to add that all the while it is mercenaries and prisoners who sign up which are being killed on the battlefield rather than the general public, it is hoped, by Putin and the Kremlin, that the public won't care.
While that buys Putin some time I understand that the current prison population is lower now than at other times when people actually tried to reduce the prison population. They are used as cannon fodder, with many sent in with very little ammo for the sole purpose of making a noise, being seen and being shot at so the Ukrainians shooting at them give away their positions.
Speaking of protestors, the Kremlin actually pays pro-Putin counter protestors. Before the current war, if a group of anti-Putin protestors gathered these paid pro-Putin people would march out and shout his praises.
Putin was obsessed with how Gaddafi and Saddam Hussein were toppled and killed. Insiders said he had tapes he kept watching of those moments over and over. He'd rant to others about it.
Being paranoid is part of his life. He sees American conspiracies behind anything and everything. Some actions have apparently confirmed that irrational fear in his eyes like America supporting the toppling of dictators and supporting the spread of democracy.
He sees himself and his fate in the other dictators. He knows what usually happens to dictators when they lose power. That's why he's afraid of democracy and is doing all he can to stop it coming anywhere near the Kremlin. It's why he feared the Euromaidan protests in Ukraine. To his paranoid mind it looked like America bringing democracy right to his doorstep. He believed that from there, if he didn't stop it, it could spread into Russia. America signalling support of the protestors just reinforced his fear that America was going to topple him just like other dictators.