In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
This is such a complex issue that I’m sure we all have thoughts on; unfortunately I’m hesitant to even try to type out my theories right now since I’m on a mobile touchscreen. A few quick notes, obv. just my two cents.
1. Interdependence of police and prosecutors. Have, in the course of my own work, seen in Internal Affairs and DA materials that efforts by line prosecutors to combat police corruption get sidelined and swept under the rug by higher-ups in order to keep peace between the two interdependent agencies and prevent discredit.
You could almost certainly indict on two or three dozen counts of obstruction for his first year in office alone. And that’s to say nothing of Sedition and the myriad conspiracy charges associated with the Republican coup attempt or the open and shut case for mishandling classified documents. There are also various credible civil claims to be made, such as for enriching himself while in office and the pathetic negligence in his handling of the Covid 19 response.
If justice was swift he would be in jail by now, so I think you have to include the sloth of the justice system as a problem.
For politicians it’s a different can of worms. Mainly, IMO, that founders considered voting bad pols out to be primary remedy- doesn’t work when one party is wholly immune to facts like Republicans have become. Also, impeachment doesn’t work when half the political body is compromised and heavily partisan to the exclusion of all ethics. We’ve seen that the GOP is wholly opposed to any accountability for the criminals and other bad actors within their ranks.
Garland's inaction over Trump's obstruction in the Mueller case has to be questioned - obstruction of justice is fairly serious; and Garland's 2 year delay before installing Smith is also questionable.
Also, clearly, if you look at the behaviour of Trump's businesses: that they have managed to claim bankruptcy or have paid fines for wrongdoing very many times, you have to say that that section of law is not working properly as the fines have not acted as a deterrent.