In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
There is no “good” Republican as it is impossible to be a member of the party and not, in some way, support the attacks on democracy and objective reality.
They can’t comment on it because the erosion of objective truth is their end goal. There’s a reason the Republicans are so aligned with Russia and a good chunk of that is their admiration for Putin’s internal propaganda and disinformation campaigns.
Another part of it is that McCarthy doesn't have a clear path to being Speaker, and Santos has said he'd support McCarthy. So McCarthy can't afford to lose even a single vote, but if Santos didn't support him, McCarthy would probably be quick to kick him to the curb to try to get a more friendly Republican in his place.
Regardless of your political affiliation, this party over country bullshit has gone too far. When people willingly sacrifice their morals and values for the sake of one-upping the other side, that is the moment they become unworthy of your support. Way too many people are comfortable with this idea right now, and silence in a moment like this tells all that you need to know of their character.
Meh. I don’t think so. It sets a precedent and Republicans have bent over backwards to do literally the opposite whenever possible. If a “friendly” Republican was more palatable, there would be no Margarine Taylor Greene or Lauren Boebert. Neither are particularly friendly to McCarthy and cause him more trouble than he’d like. Hell, the same could be said for any of the “Freedom” caucus that have been implicated in the January 6th investigations.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.