Even before Snowden, people were saying it all, it just took that kinda proof for the regular Joe to believe.
Like everything online is tracking, doing all this shit. Yes absolutely. Reddit here 100% stores your comments etc.
People just don't care though is the other thing. Like games or any other kinda tech, people just want their shit and don't care. Can't even bring change to scummy vidja game things, let alone social media.
That’s 💯 true. If an organization really wanted they could find out all the comments you made by just using your phone number.
I’ve seen enough daily mail comments to know better. People say absolute vile things, and it’s often the old people who have no idea that everyone can see them.
If an organisation wanted to know you reddit comments they'd have a bot scrape your account page, specifically the section labeled "comments". Why would they need a phone number for that?
That's a lot of "scare" words that mean literally nothing. You just wrote 5 lines that translates directly into.
As an example, let's say google is a supporter of the russian invasion of Ukraine. The folks they deem russians supporters may enjoy less ads, faster connections, and an overall more enjoyable experience. The Ukrainian supporters however, may start seeing ads and news articles that paint Ukraine as the aggressor and russia as the good guys. Over time you'll see more and more supporters of russia because these companies are able to target users and show them what the company wants its users to see and think.
When the worst thing that happens to me because of it is that my ads are about metal music, video games, and for some reason, anime girl tank games I couldn't care less.
I understand that for the people who are sitting there with 3 credit cards and had such horrible upbringing that they NEED every material possession, they will crumble under targeted ads because they don't have control of their impulses.
Where's the negative outside of people with no impulse control will buy more products? Or is that the whole thing, white knighting for those who can't help themselves.
gone because tinfoil Mcgee thinks a kid dancing and hitting themselves on the internet will make their family dumb.
The negative is that once "they" know your interests/hobbies/habbits/views/[insert thing they care about] then they can start slowly modifying the stuff you see online.