Huge commit. Especially the hundreds of armored vehicles. Bulldogs are tracked APCs. Some variants are IFVs.
I wonder if the sophisticated missiles are more diverse than Brimstone IIs, but even just hundreds of those is great.
I hope Australia and Canada send vehicles too. I haven’t heard much new out of Australia in a while. Their bushmasters were popular in Ukraine.
1 squadron is ready to go, 2 will follow. The AS90's were pretty much getting wound down to be replaced, will need a bit of time to reactivate and get them ready.
That argument is bullshit because we could 100% whip up a very special terrorism designation package for them, my country is literally built on loopholes. It’s loopholes all the way down. We could absolutely designate russia as state sponsors terrorism without screwing over the already screwed, a few pen strokes and a vote. We do it with omnibus bills regularly for all manner of dumb shenanigans. Unfortunately, that would take a level of cooperativeness, industry, and ethics the majority of them simply do not possess; plus it would detract from the time allocated for dumb shenanigans.
Finnish media says that Andrei Medvedev, the Wagner defector is saying he has knowledge of several war crimes and that Norwegian criminal police is currently vetting him thoroughly.
Before that there were some largely symbolic bills in the house and senate to designate russia as a state sponsor of terrorism that also didn’t go anywhere.
The argument, which I think is a silly argument, is that recognizing russia as a state sponsor of terrorism would cause a cascade of knock-on effects due to the few things russia does massively export. Basically, we don’t want to have to sanction poorer countries for receiving cheap life essentials (like fertilizer) from russia.
Nothing is invincible, not much could survive a hit from an anti-tank mine or 152/155mm artillery shell. Western tanks may be a step-up, but with enough time on the front line some could well be destroyed, but hopefully will fewer crew casualties.
I can't believe I hadn't seen this before and it's already a few weeks old. Jake Hanrahan interviewing members of an organisation that's been removing bolts from Russian railroad tracks and bombing the military commissariats.