In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
As a citizen with a social viewpoint of “you do you as long as you don’t impose that view onto me,” fuck all of the folks tearing down the church/state boundaries.
If a Muslim leader tried their best to implement religion-based laws here in the US, there would be an armed uprising. But as long as it’s Christianity, it’s A-OK.
After the supreme court anti abortion ruling, I went to the Satanic Temple website and bought 2 shirts for me an one for a friend. As far as I can tell, it's a bunch of lawyers and artists fighting to keep religion out of schools, government, and women's bodies. You put up a 10 commandment tablet in a courthouse? We put a statue of Baphoment. You start a Jesus group in school? We start a hail satan club. It's trolling in the best way. Like some random reddit post once asked... Who really believes in SATAN? The answer was "Christians".
This is how I feel about the current case being heard by the SC about the website designer who doesn’t want to make websites for gay weddings.. if they want to discriminate, so can we. I already read about a restaurant that turned away a group because they’re a known anti-LGBTQ group, and they were flabbergasted, but hey. This street goes both ways motherfuckers. I’m looking forward to watching it fly back in their self righteous faces.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
There’s fewer of them every year, it’s a limited pool that’s rapidly shrinking. I think that’s part of the reason they made such a push for Bitcoin and abortion bans.
There’s fewer of them every year, it’s a limited pool that’s rapidly shrinking. I think that’s part of the reason they made such a push for Bitcoin and abortion ban.