In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
VERY Significant News - I would think South Carolina going first will shake up the field significantly and cause more candidates to drop out sooner than Iowa would. South Carolina seems to have a more diverse electorate than Iowa and would be more indicative of the broad support needed to be a strong general election candidate.
Iowa voters have a pretty solid track record in choosing. They nominated Obama even though the Clinton political machine was very strong in the state. So I don’t see the lack of diversity in the state much of a hindrance for it remaining in the current position.
EDIT: I meant to say Iowa Democratic voters have a solid track record. The republicans have a history of picking the most conservatives candidates who always fail to get the nomination.
I lived in Iowa most of my life, and spent several election cycles covering the Iowa caucuses as a freelance photojournalist. I am genuinely saddened that DNC is moving to move iowa from the first in the nation caucus but I understand.
I think maybe they just don't like Hillary Clinton that much. In 2016 she squeaked out a win there, but just barely, and I remember the caucus went wayyyy later than usual bc there wasn't a clear winner between her and Bernie for awhile.
Democrats in the state have been pragmatic, with winners doing well in the quest for the nomination. The systematic issues with the iowa Democratic caucus were just too glaring to allow again.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
GOP is not making similar changes, which is interesting. Every election cycle I can remember has the most conservative candidate winning/over-performing when compared to who actually ends up winning. Add to it the corruption scandal, and the decision is even more curious. Why maintain the state that is doing you no favors?
If both parties left iowa, the boondoggle known as corn ethanol would be gone soon after. Increasing world food prices, using more fuel than it replaces, harming farmland by having the same crop planted over and over, instead of cycling, corn-based ethanol is a disaster.