In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
You're just regurgitating outdated claptrap, America is absolutely not a federation of states and we don't act like we are. We're one country with particularly annoying internal divisions, but we're definitely one country. The previous assertions that states were able to do what they want has been adjudicated, the morons that held that belief were shot.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
What about the bloody mackerel snappers on the sc? 66% of those dress-wearing rule jockeys are bread mumblers as opposed to 22% of the American populace that pope sniffers. Too many left footers are fucking things up for the rest of us, 78% of whom happen not to be popish god-botherers.
Ah yes, the argument that saw womens health issues entirely ignored for CENTURIES because the male dominated Congress was almost completely unaware of what it's like to live as anything other than a white guy. Diversity has strenh and value.
You have 1 representative. The other 434 are none of your business. You have ZERO say in the matter.
That's definitely not how our system works my dude. I do in fact have influence on what happens to representation outside my district because that's also a separate function of the State that I live in and I have multiple avenues of influencing that, from voting for a state rep and or senator, to the governor race, to referendums. And of course I can donate both time and money to influence races outside of where I live, and holy shit do a lot of people do that too.
As far as "supposed to", eh, there's really not one view of how Congress is supposed to work, and no, what a bunch of dead ass dudes from the 1700s thinks isn't particularly relevant in reality.
It's important to step back from ideology to see reality. In reality no one believes what you've said AND they've acted like it, you're trying to argue a centuries running discussion has no standing and it's just ridiculous lol.
The House of Representatives doesn’t not represent Americans. It represents Californians, New Yorkers, Alaskans, Maine….ians…. Puerto Ricans (but since they pay no taxes they just show up for the food and gossip).
Case in point, Hurricane Katrina. FEMA was parked outside the disaster zone for 3 days because they had yet to be invited in. The Administration had to threaten the State and City with the becoming a Rogue State and Enemy of the USA, prepare to be invaded. Before they found the invitation papers.
Someday we will do away with the Representative Districts and just have a list of American Leaders in charge for us to pick from.
12 independent Reserve districts, banks of the banks, with their own monetary policies and varying currency strenh/weakness. Overseen by a Federal reserve.
Some districts (like California) went weak currency rout to attract business. Others went strong to attract…. Savers…. Retirees or something. Federal Reserves sets a mark for them not to stray to far apart.