That's still homicide too, but the mugger will be charged with felony murder. Same thing happens if the police shoot a bystander trying to stop a bank robbery. The bank robbers will be convicted of murder because they instigated the crime that caused the death.
If you shoot a mugger attacking you with a knife and the bullet passes through the mugger and strikes a neighbor it's a tragic accident.
I know this may be a very unpopular thought but Ukrainians have S300 rockets too. Could they be suspecting some kind of failed launch by Ukrainian forces? Wars are full of tragic mistakes.
Have a look, if there are any mistakes , kindly let me know. I think this is very close to the above said target.
This area is well within the Przewodów village limit, The stirke is said to have happened 6.4kms from Ukraine border according to polish goverment, the approximate distance from the center to the border is about 7-10Kms. This is not a big differnce in area of strike. Not to mention, Lviv and Kyiv co-ordinates that was taken city center which must not be the case it must have been targets in the vicinity of the city. This is well within the range.
Edit - Mistake in Longitude it is 0.1 not 0.01, area of possible impact is a bit larger than initial calculations. Thank you u/potifar for the correction.
\[EDIT - IT WAS AN ACCIDENT CONFIRMED BY POLISH PRESIDENT AND CO-ORDINATES WERE JUST A COINCIDENCE.\].
\[EDIT - IT WAS AN ACCIDENT CONFIRMED BY POLISH PRESIDENT AND CO-ORDINATES WERE JUST A COINCIDENCE.\].
I actually think NATO should call Russia out, get a UN investigation started and make the findings public. The level of incompetent malice of Russia must be shown to the world. Russia will not back down, this is exactly what happened during Malaysian airlines, even before any investigation Russia told it was not us, then used the usual FSB propaganda to cover it up.
They are still investigating, 2 things we know is it was not fired from Russian and it was a Russian made missile this but it would be one hell of a co-incidence if it happened by mistake.