In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I don't mean to completely turn Biden into some sort of hero (he's not, he's currently privatising Medicaid and no one can do anythint about that).
I don't think he was granted a new lease on life, he just fucking took it like a boss. My respect for him has grown tremendously over the last 2 years.
Joe REALLY has the wind at his back now. Plus (I think) Wisconsin and Penn won their legislatures. MI won the Trifecta. So fuck Florida and Texas, our path through victory is through those states now. And once those legislatures start passing more good policy they should invite Biden so he can associate with that region and the policies. Plus his support for Ukraine which has completely brought Russia to a halt (and a retreat rn lol). Its a fantastic record. His jobs record is unparalleled. All thats left is the economy, and if its good going into 2024, then Republicans have very few actual attacks except their stupid cultural grievance. No one cares about those.
Agree but I still believe he should stand aside in 2024 for the party to have the best chance of defeating republicans. An 80 year old is not what most people are looking for this cycle. I feel he was the right, “boring” choice for 2020.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Biden can actually do this. Yes, he is old. But he's an incumbent who has proven he can deal with Joe Manchins to get legislation passed. He has proven that he can win elections (he pulled off two historic feats, unseating an incumbent president, and then NOT losing many seats in the midterms). And he has proven that he can create jobs, (and to some extent help with the inflation). He has proven that he can he tough on Russia.
He is now the guy who warned America against Fascism from the White House and then in the Penn rally with Fetterman. And America LISTENED! This is an incredible narrative coupled with a phenomenal showing in the midterm. This is a rout of the Republican party almost as bad as 2016 was for the Democrats.
But given that we will be up against Trump or DeSantis, we need a strong canddidate. Biden is battle tested against Trump, and I think he would win against DeSantis as well.
If we remove Biden, we have to deal with some fresh faces who might have skeletons in their closet. Newsom, Klobuchar all have some shit. On the progressive side, anyone from the Squad will skyrocket Republican turnout, so they're not an option. And apart from Bernie, there isn't anyone who can lead the progressive movement (Fetterman is too new and tbh he isnt progressive in the way Bernie is, he triangulates, he was pro fracking etc).
I personally believe that with the power of incumbency + him standing whatever legislation he has already passed (this is probably one of the most effective Congress in recent history) + whatever he now plans to do with the Executive Orders, should bring him plenty of laudations.
Well just talking to many liberals I know, his running again is not popular despite his accomplishments. Don’t want to debate this with you and your good points. I’d have no trouble voting for him; I just want the candidate that gives us the best shot.
So our best bet is Biden. It is especially important because one thing we know Biden can do well is persuade a small chunk of R voters to vote D. Just enough that we get the ball across. This was the story of 2020, and it is slowly shaping up to be the story of 2022. There's some preliminary analysis (based on incomplete data so theres a strong chance this assessment may change in the future), that this was an R+2 turnout. Dems still won (which can only mean that the Independents and some Rs broke fot Dems. This actually seems to have some evidence when you look at the races in Georgia. Kemp won handily, Walker is going to the runoff. Usually Republicans don't split their tickets. But I guess this Trump endorsed wannabe policeman was too much for a small but pivotal minority of Rs.
Thats fair. Tbvh this is Biden's decision. What I don't want to see is infighting if he declares he will run again. If he does choose to run again, it will be an excellent opportunity to completely rout the Republican party for some time.