In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
There was one judge position that was very close and tipped to the democrat side after the provisional ballots were counted.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It is great how this article doesn't even answer this question. Either way, though, you should probably allow voting to continue for a single extra hour if people keep showing up. It's like if you are GameStop at a midnight release. Are you just going to tell the next group of customers that they are too late to buy a game on release day or are you going to stay open? Why wouldn't the government have that same view. "We're still here, come on in!".
Instead these people are like, "sorry... we don't make money off of you so we don't care that you are late. F\\\ you in your tight little @\\ hole. Your vote doesn't count even though you are in line.".
You gotta have an end time or people could continue to trickle in indefinitely. So, the fair method is cutting the line off at the end time. Everyone in line votes, everybody that shows up after, cannot get in line.
Meanwhile Bell county, a republican county, also had late voting and Ken Paxton has not faught those votes.
I get where you are coming from... and it definitely matters in a world where Republicans use the rules to suppress the vote. A deadline to be in line is fair. All you have to do is show up before the shutoff time, and no matter how long it takes, you get to cast your vote.
Personally, I think people who do shady shit to prevent others from voting should be treated just as harshly as somebody that votes illegally on purpose. More so since you are literally stealing something from somebody. Something that we consider invaluable as a society.