In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I have little doubt that this day and age, when almost all have cell phones in our pockets, that we could come up with a way to have a secure, anonymous online way of voting. Some will probably poke holes in that idea, it's ok I didn't think too much about it. If it could be done as an option, we all know the right would block it from happening because they wouldn't win another election in many parts of the country.
Sounds like it was crowded in part because early voting was compressed into 5 days rather than the usual 15, and turnout has been fairly high.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Yeah, that's an important point. This isn't about massive new turnout; it's about how many problems Republicans caused by screwing with our elections.
I am voting by absentee ballot instead of early voting. Problems there, too. I requested my ballot two days after the election. It was finally mailed today, 18 days later. Now it has 10 days to (a) get to me, (b) get filled out, and (c) make it back to Georgia and be received by the election office. If it doesn't make it, my vote won't count. Even if nothing else goes wrong, I'll have to pay for priority or next day mail to be sure it arrives on time.
Good point. I talked with my wife about this on our ride home from early voting yesterday. We thought we would beat some of the rush if we did it over a late lunch. Nope 1 1/2 hours. The log jam is the ID check, it went no faster than the general election.
This wasn't an accident. They intentionally did this. The long lines and lack of enough time to vote absentee were done on purpose to keep turnout down.
As much as I'd like to drop it off, I am at least 1500 miles away from the nearest Georgia ballot drop box. I will do what I can to get it back to them by the deadline and with tracking to confirm it was delivered. But the rest is out of my hands.
What a mess. Not finding much information online yet about "curing" ballots to make sure your vote gets counted, although it sounds like you can check its status on the Secretary of State website.
There is one argument that has some merit, if you ignore enough of reality. That argument is that if only some countries offer extra voting opportunities, but others don't, them you are effectively disenfranchising residents of the counties that choose not to offer these extra early voting dates.
It's a record for votes in a single Sunday, and it's because the Republican state government took away most of the time we used to have to vote. It is a good sign that people are voting, but it's unclear yet what overall turnout will look like.