In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Thomas has indicated that he would intervene to hamper the committee’s efforts to investigate the plot to overturn the 2020 election in which his wife, Ginni Thomas, played a role. The least he could do is recuse himself from any efforts to investigate the plot to overturn the 2020 election.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
They would rather watch the country burn down than risk “starting” a civil war. To be fair, Lincoln waited for the Union to be formally attacked before responding.
They fear that if they do that, they will watch the country burn down. There's an old film about an insurrection or something similar, where the government doesn't go against the leg that wanted to do mutiny because of that. Going publicly against them would incite the opposition to start a civil war. (True film, it's a vintage one, I forgot the name but it made me cringe).
This. They are already trying to create a Civil War. All those substation events in the last few months where they shoot them (Florida, NC, Oregon, etc) are the crazies trying to kick start it.
You'd be surprised at the percentage of Americans that need to be in mental institutions. This is not a joke, this is a big issue we have in this country. Trump like him or not, is sparking an attempt at creating a Civil War. Now don't assume the Civil War will be the 1800s version. It will be terrorist events done to civilians.
There was an expert that said the US would see a second war, but unlike the first it would be destabilizing tactics and terrorist attacks.
See those substation attacks in NC and in Florida? There are more like, they'll try to create unrest so people feel afraid of society in general. In a way they think they are Patriotic, but most are anarchists that are cookoo for cookoo puffs.
Not really, Federal level should represent local but you know as much as I that they don't do that realistically. If they did both parties would be more inline with their constituents.
Those guts have to take into consideration that you may watch the country fall into a modern terrorist version of a civil war though. However, if they are already starting with that, and I have a feeling the substations is that.... well we may as well join them and do the full move.
But it is serious, this isn't joking matter. They are crazy enough to take down the country in order to create their own evangelical caliphate.
30 years back no one thought Trump would try to mimic Hitler. He was a goofy man that had charisma and both Democrats and Republicans didn't mind him because information from NYC was not out in the internet.
Remember, this was during the 90s when tv was tv, there wasn't smart phones yet, and information wasn't shared as much.
There have always been those against Trump, but they were usually his own family, friends and coworkers that spread the actual shitstorm that he was. Whether others believed them or not, that was on the person.
That an ex-wife accused him during a divorce that he had Mein Kempf? No one could believe it publicly and everyone thought it was a BS and attempt to get more millions. Because during that time, that was how the public saw a wife if she married into wealth (and wasn't wealthy herself).
While he was, when the rag story came out that he read Mein Kempf unfortunately the majority of Americans took it as though Ivanka was just defaming him. "Woman lies about husband during divorce" we have now advanced as a society.
Clinton's policies were not really Democrat ones. They were Centrist Republican ones. He had to govern center left remember... or did you forget what Arkansas was during that time.
No dear, Democrats voted for Clinton. The GOP and some Sanders supporters to spite Clinton went to Trump. Democrats, true ones would have stuck to what's left.
Second, please go back to the 80s and 90s REMEMBER airwaves, newspapers, etc. They rarely painted Trump wrong. In fact, he was McDonald commercials and most Americans just found him a joke around that time. There were journalists that were barred from speaking against him: Taj Mahal. Not everyone knew that he was an ass. NY citizens that worked within the construction, real estate market did. But not everyone. Don't analyze things from the point of view of a millennial or gen Z that is not looking back.
I had forgotten about the Nixon Assassination idea, Levy was completely nuts and Nixon was even nuttier. And they were the extreme elements of the party back then but that extreme element is now the FRONT of the party.
That's because until then the GOP had worked with the caveat of Nixon, ethically. They also had been the ones to discreetly (or not so discreetly) tell Nixon to resign. They then converged with the Moral Majority and things started to change. That was when integrity and ethics completely fell out of that bandwagon.
While legally speaking Clinton did lie under oath and was subject to disciplinary action; we all know that every politician lies under oath in this country. Bernie may be the only one that doesn't and that's cause he's more in your face about truths. That being said, the American populace was naive and rather innocent. We didn't know the mechanics going on behind the scenes, and we thought politicians were for the most part truthful. We weren't as educated on the political lobbying, campaigning, and strategic planning as we are now.
So we now see what the GOP was doing there, trying to gain power even if it was using an impeachment and Congress (since Al Gore would have been President). We also know what was done in Florida in 2000, when the State Judge if I remember stopped the vote. She ultimately ended up in Washinon with a position in government. Then the push to change the election maps, Florida for instance gave GOP two new seats in Congress. While it suppressed Democratic areas. One could of course argue the DNC does this, but we do just not to the same extent as the GOP.
There were, but they were the ones that were more politically aware of the house of cards. Not everyone was though, remember the average American is politically illiterate here. Hence why they usually don't even vote.
It wasn't the Nixon part, they were already seeing the writing on the wall. The days of the GOP were slowly dwindling. And they wanted to secure power. The same as McConnell's plans to push all GOP Federal judges has been in the works for years. We started to see it once it started playing out.
It's one of the things I am against. I believe in media and journalism. I do not believe in those institutions being bought by public option companies UNLESS their stockholders names and country of origin are declared. With a caveat that foreign countries can only buy collectively less than 3%. Similar for investment funds, similar for private enterprise. Basically I don't want a foreign government masquerading as private citizens owning a news paper. Politico for example.
The owners of the US media are all neoliberals. They could give a fuck about US democracy if fascism sells more ads. They also are an investment conglomerate with public owners.
And no one questions who owns stocks in all of their public traded conglomerates. I wonder why no one has done that whole research. We could have China owning half our media through the corporate stock buys and no one would be none the wiser!
I was about 10 when the impeachment trial happened and the media blitz went into freefall (that was the beginning of shitty news). It felt like 24/7 blow.... cigar coverage.
Soooo left and right can't be friends? We are talking about Bush, not Trump here. Who is an idiot, by the way. Notice how he no longer is in politics at all. He was pushed for Cheney's and Rumsfeld agenda.