In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The last couple of years, the crazy right has tried to turn this area into a battleground, storming school board meetings to push anti-trans conspiracies, holding Lets Go Brandon signs on freeway overpasses, and dropping anti-semetic propaganda in sleepy neighborhood lawns.
There are currently 20 uncalled seats (depending on news org, mine is NYT) with Dems at 204, GOP at 211. Of the 20, Dems need to take 14 to win the house, GOP needs just 7.
Dems are currently leading in 11 of these, GOP is leading in 9. So Dems would need 3 more races to flip without losing any they lead in.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
There are 3 races where Rs lead by less than 1%. 6 where they lead by less than 2%. So a few more things need to fall their way for it to happen, but it’s definitely still possible.
But when push comes to shove, the vast majority of people here are decent, caring folk, and I think the noise makers are loud, but few in their ranks. But enough that we need to stay vigilant. I'm glad I got to vote for Brownley and help keep the seat with the party that wholly rejects the kind of bigoted and short-sighted thinking the Republicans continue to flirt with to court votes.
I was just drawn into her district with the last census (previously was part of Ted Lieu's) but have lived around this area for 20 years; while there's always been a bit of a conservative streak in the area, it's much less an ideological one, and more a "I've got money and I want to keep it, and I want my quiet little town to stay a quiet little town" conservative.
She was my representative until the redistricting. Didn’t even realize it until I received my ballot. Glad she hung on to her seat without the Ojai Valley to help her. Also glad our new district is still has a Democrat representative.