In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It is absolutely shameful that the US is one of the wealthiest countries in the world and it has a showdown every year about whether it will fund its federal government.
A lot of it is Republicans grousing that they don't want more money going to government and "welfare," so they hold a shutdown as a sword of damocles over any Democratic efforts to increase spending that isn't military.
Of course, nowadays it certainly seems that their "fiscal responsibility" shtick is bullshit (and maybe was always so).
After all, Trumps shutdown over wall money cost $11 billion. Most of that was undone as the government went back to work, but CBO estimated $3 billion that was just gone gone.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It’s the GOP. This is just part of the same old tired, predictable playbook the GOP has been using to trick Americans for decades:
“The only thing wrong with the U.S. economy is the failure of the Republican Party to play Santa Claus.” – Jude Wanniski, March 6, 1976.
“The stock market is falling, in part a reaction to GOP threats to shut down the government: it’s all part of their plan.
Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen last week warned us that the GOP is about to use Jude Wanniski’s “Two Santa Clauses” fraud again to damage Biden’s economy and our standing in the world. And, sure enough, Mitch McConnell verified it when he said last week there would be “zero” Republican votes to raise the debt ceiling.
Yellen responded yesterday by telling The Wall Street Journal that if the Republicans force a shutdown of the U.S. government like they did to Obama in 2011, “We would emerge from this crisis a permanently weaker nation.” But the GOP is adamant: they have their strategy and they’re sticking to it.
First, the Two Santas strategy dictates, when Republicans control the White House they must spend money like a drunken Santa and cut taxes to run up the U.S. debt as far and as fast as possible.
This produces three results: it stimulates the economy thus making people think that the GOP can produce a good economy; it raises the debt dramatically; and it makes people think that Republicans are the “tax-cut Santa Clauses.”.
Second, when a Democrat is in the White House, Republicans must scream about the national debt as loudly and frantically as possible, freaking out about how “our children will have to pay for it” and “we have to cut spending to solve the crisis” Shut down the government, crash the stock market, and damage US credibility around the world if necessary to stop Democrats from spending money.
This will force the Democrats in power to cut their own social safety net programs and even Social Security, thus shooting their welfare-of-the-American-people Santa Claus right in the face.
And, sure enough, here we are now with a Democrat in the White House. Following their Two Santas strategy, Republicans are again squealing about the national debt and refusing to raise the debt ceiling, imperiling Biden’s economic recovery as well as his Build Back Better plans.
And, once again, the media is covering it as a “Biden Crisis!” rather than what it really is: a cynical political and media strategy devised by Republicans in the 1970s, fine-tuned in the 1980s and 1990s, and rolled out every time a Democrat is in the White House.”.
This article was written in September of 2021, but it could’ve been written today. Or in the 90s. Or in the mid-2000s. They do this EVERY TIME. And sadly it’s a very effective way to trick people and it works.
Thanks for sharing this very real and accurate portrait of the GOP. The bottom line is whomever shuts the economy down will take the heat for doing it as the GOP found out the hard way.