In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Meanwhile, an American student attending a publicly funded state university would have to work at least 30 hours per week, at $15 per hour, to pay a single year’s tuition, room, and board. That’s assuming they don’t pay any taxes and don’t spend any money on car insurance, groceries, or personal leisure.
That's great news for the future of education. Student loan debt is a major burden on so many people and it's great to see some relief. Let's hope more debt is erased soon!
$10-20k in relief is absolutely not crumbs. Currently, we are waiting to see if the supreme court allows it. The law is clear but this SC feels it is all up to interpretation.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I’m a native-born citizen and went to school in America. I have tens of thousands of dollars in student debt. In another year, I’m planning to apply to joint graduate programs.
My wife is applying to PhD programs, too. She has a bachelors and a masters. She paid less than $100 in tuition for both her degrees. Several of her friends—who went to the same school—are already enrolled in American doctoral programs. Since most doctoral programs offer both funding and tuition waivers, all of them will graduate with no student loan debt. They will—eventually—join the workforce free from the pressures of any and all repayment.
Maybe get involved in politics and see where the problem lies. There's one party actively trying to help and another pushing it under a rug. Pretending thus is a both-sides issue isn't but going to help anyone.