In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The very little dissent or criticism from the right-wing there is of Trump hosting a literal white supremacist Holocaust denier is also very, very telling. Especially since he was brought by Kanye, who very recently made some extremely antisemitic comments. His following is closer to a cult than a political party.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Agreed. It's very telling because it directly contradicts this narrative that the mainstream GOP has moved on from Trump. If that was actually true, then hosting a neo-Nazi for dinner would be a great chance for them all to uniformly denounce him. The fact that they're all remaining quiet shows that he's unquestionably still the Republican party's standard bearer and the leading nominee for the Republican presidential nomination in 2024.
I have lived around right wing Evangelical christians my entire life and I can guarantee you that they ARE NOT going to support a man who is married to a man regardless of what he claims. To them homosexuality directly draws Gods wrath. Milo is a troll and that's about it, I don't take anything he says seriously. He like Trump and Kanye just take controversial positions and say stupid shit for attention and infamy. They don't care why people are talking about them as long as they are talking about them, it's just a narcissistic brain disease.
I think in a lot of ways the Civil War never really ended. Less than a week after the surrender was signed at Appomattox, Lincoln was assassinated and reconstruction was ended shortly thereafter. We're still fighting the same racist assholes today, whether they're confederates, Nazis or just the current mainstream GOP, this fight against white supremacy never really stopped.
There were plenty of elected Republicans who supported the actual Nazis back in the 1930s and 1940s, even distributing Nazi propaganda materials to voters on Hitler's behalf.