In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
>McCarthy’s decision to provide the video to Carlson also raised concerns such as whether Capitol Police will need to change the location of security cameras. Some members of the House questioned why the speaker would grant the content to a Fox News host who has promoted baseless accusations about the attack.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Reporters for the most part work only with the same rights afforded to all of us. Basically, their authority is the First Amendment, just like you and me.
What confuses the fuck out of me is... Legalistically Fox News and specifically Tucker Carlson's show are "entertainment" and no "reasonable person" would suggest they are factual outlets for "news" related information. So why is the house speaker allowed to send national security footage to them? Shouldn't they also have to send it to South Park? Jon Stewart? Colbert? if requested.
Otherwise, reporters have no special privileges and no licensing authority and that is how it should be.
The exception is at times with sensitive leaks when prosecutors go after them they make arguments about how such attacks chill the press which we rely in so heavily to inform us. In this case the fact that the recipient is publishing to many readers matters a lot and some states have actually codified that in law — commonly referred to as “the reporter’s privilege.” (Theoretically, anyone could make the same argument on First Amendment grounds without a statutory privilege, and in old days, they did. You still can).
Thanks for explaining some of the nuance here. So basically they are seeking any crack in current laws possible to inflict maximum harm. Unsurprising, and interesting.