Someone else commented this on a similar thread and I think it’s pretty prescient for this moment too:
Great breakdown. If it helps people conceptually to understand the economic difference, if Russia were a U.S. state it would barely be Americas fourth highest state in terms of GDP.
“I can't say I blame India for strenhening ties with Russia, but I would always highlight how Russia's zero sum attitude towards politics and influence had often turned Russian friendship into a bit of a losers club for nations who spurn or get spurned by the developed world and has not, historically, proven a long term partner for growth.”.
While I think Russia’s self-maintained image as a bulwark against western colonialism is laughable at best (it wasn’t for lack of trying and Russia also swallowed the entirety of Eastern Europe and many Asian nations around it), I wish these countries understood what a pathetic bet Russia is. Economically, its partners tend to do very poorly (Cuba, Venezuela, SA, Syria, etc) and don’t seem to benefit much from the relationship, and militarily we’ve seen that Russia is at best a third rate regional power that got lucky by having nukes. Basically Russia is little more than a European Pakistan. And, if after Ukraine, you think Russia’s military is going to intimidate the West…well, I don’t really know what to tell you. At least China I can understand from an economic perspective, but Russia could barely compete with individual U.S. states, much less superpowers. If you want your foreign policy to solely be about being anti-westernism at the expense of technology, growth and wealth, I guess knock yourself out with Russia.
US should've thought better than to support a terrorist state (Pak) against India countless times. Granted recent history has seen India and US come closer, but the global view of US is still.. skepticism. No one trusts US, they know as soon as they're done using the country they'll leave it to get fucked up.
Also when you compare debts, you should check US $ debt (30 trillion now?) The only advantage US has is the world uses its currency to trade oil and gold, and so US can keep printing money like its paper. This has started to change with yuan and yen and recently roubles for gas taking a share in world economy.
Last checked I checked, the Pakistanis at least tried to help us fight terrorists. India doesn’t do shit and then gets mad we don’t pick their side. Why would we? All you do is bitch and whine about how you’re the victim 24/7 and how everybody should placate your interests, but nobody can ever blame you for not getting involved in theirs. Some of the US’ closest allies are countries it was involved in bloody wars against (Japan, Canada, Germany, the UK, Vietnam even), and India can’t let a grudge go because the US vaguely supported Pakistan in a conflict in 1971. Like move the fuck on, Nixon and Kissinger are disavowed and dead.
In other wars- US denied GPS access to India when Pakistan sent terrorists to capture Kargil. Kargil war, 1999. Look it up. That's when we developed our own satellites and decided to be self reliant.
As for the "arrogance", without us you cannot do shit about encountering China. Someone's got to take your e waste and be the factory of the world if the West doesn't want to suck up to China (which explains why US is trying to woo us). India may not have the $$$ but it has a 1.4 billion people - this means endless potential for your fortune 500 in terms of consumer ship. No one wants to piss off a fifth of world's population for some propaganda and they know it.
And then the arrogance of talking to the US and Europe like India is some huge power that they would be lucky to have while it sits there with an economy the size of one US state and a Human Development Index ranking lower than Venezuela’s in 2020. All of this shit is why nobody likes India and India has no strong relationships with other countries. You refuse to stop acting like a petulant teenage girl and it’s the reason you’ll never grow. You think you were the only colonized country? Nope. That cannot be the eternal excuse.
LMAO oh yeah, a ship being in the water near the war really turned the tide didn’t it? So god damn dramatic, as if the US dropped a nuke on New Delhi lol. The USSR wasn’t going to go to war for India for the same reasons the US wasn’t. Nobody gives a shit about two third world countries who argue like a married couple, and nobody was going to nuclear war over it.
Pakistan has used the billions in US aid for "fighting terrorists" if by fighting you mean funding terror camps. Their army has always engaged in proxy warfare by sending terrorists across the border. The shit got so out of hand they don't even listen to Pak anymore and hence in last 20 years there are countless bombings in Pak- and yet US doesn't stop the multi billion aid. Trump did it but I believe Biden restarted it.