You hit the nail on it's head. After the turkish election is done with we can see their real 'issues'. If the US and rest of NATO is completely powerless in front of Turkey then it severely hampers their credibility and raises questions about their 'unity'. It's in the west's interest for that to not happen. That and the fact that Finland & Sweden joining helps secure the baltics for basically free.
Raising interest rates is part of the problem, but it’s this whole Islamic economics thing that is giving them problems. Commentor above in the thread was right when they said turkey needs to go back to being the secular country that Ataturk gave them.
It'll be hard to stabilize the economy without also having professional management of their central bank, but yeah, they may have some important asks on the economic dimension. Which is fine, but doesn't work unless they at some point say 'yes' to sweden.
Majority of Turkish food comes from Russia. Remember few years ago when the west convinced Erdogan to shoot down the Russian plane crossing over from Syria. Shortly after Erdogan was visiting Russia bringing apologies after Russia stopped exporting.
Russia, has been one of the most important trade partners of Türkiye. Trade volume between two states has reached 26,309 billion USD in 2019, with Türkiye's 3,854 billion USD worth of exports and 22,454 billion USD imports.
The west is pretty serious about Sweden and Finland joining. The reality is, wheat is a global commodity and if russia is angered Türkiye will not go without wheat. Russia is 3% of the global economy while NATO allies are 40-50%, and simply have more leverage.
As much as i'd love to be in NATO overnight I don't think it's going to be that simple. Turkey is a major military power in their area and they control the straits of Bosporus and indirectly the Black Sea because of their position. If that position was switched to be hostile towards the West and more aligned with Russian military interests it'd require new planning and doctrine, not to mention that "overruling" a single country's vote when it comes to NATO accession would fuel the anti-NATO sentiment of "haha, the imperialistic US is saying what you can or can't do Look at them fascists".