SA or something equally gross that McCarthy can't just dust off his hands and sniff "This is an ethics committee issue" while no action is ever taken.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I can understand your perspective, but honestly, his election is representative of where most American’s values and morals lie these days. No pun intended lmao.
In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
Right, bc they don't actually care about "child sex trafficking" or any real crimes regarding exploitation of young people. They just love to wield the cudgel of shrieking "Pedo!111" at their enemies, at innocent people they don't like, and anyone who isn't them.
He would absolutely be incredible on The Real Housewives of New York and would easily steal the show just like he stole people’s trust, votes, money, donations, Burberry scarves, and the microscopic sliver left of America’s integrity.
I think you forgot how conservative that area is - it’s a suburban Long Island district that is 70% white, and was represented for decades by Peter King, who was a Trumpian even before Trump, and supported Trump (after leaving Congress). Yes redistricting made the seat more of a contest and Souzzi held it for a bit but not enough to make it stay blue.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
With that being said, he has zero place and purpose being in Congress. He should take Marjorie Taylor Greene with him and pitch a reality show to Netflix if he wants to be famous so badly.
I was under the impression the real first name is Anthony. Maybe Santos is his husband's last name and he took it when they married, which was super recently?
That’s plausible. I’ve heard Anthony Devolder and George Santos, but watch it come out in a few months that has entire name is something completely different. I wouldn’t put it past him 🙃.
I guess this is a hot take, but I blame the Democrats for this disaster. They saw this piece of garbage and chose not to run a stronger candidate. They saw this hot garbage pile skinwalking as a (sub)human and chose not to look into his past and let him take a previously Democratic stronghold. Unreal.