If the demands are that Castillo will be returned to the Presidency, that’s absolutely not gonna happen. Peru isn’t letting a riot determine the Presidency.
At the beginning the protest were mostly about backing Castillo, but the reason has long moved past that while the protests have grown. The main reason people are protesting today is asking for Boluarte to leave and having new elections.
She agreed to move the elections up two years. That’s a pretty good timeframe all considered; they’re not gonna do it this year.
I won't answer your comments past this one because I don't think we can have a productive discussion. So I'll only answer your two last comment.
There has been one house that was burn down and there have been many moments where airports in Peru have been taken. These are illegal actions that shouldn't occur. That still doesn't mean that the mass protests going on today is just "a riot". In the last few weeks there have been riots, there have been strikes, there have been vigils, there's a lot going on nonstop all over the country involving many different people and the one thing they can all agree on is that they want Dina to leave.
So once again, you said "Peru isn’t letting a riot determine the Presidency" and I find that disingenuous.
Dina saying she anything about elections is meaningless. It's Congress that can decide when the elections are. The only effect she can have on elections is by quitting which would force Congress to have elections as soon as possible (December of this year according to what the elections' organizations said).
Well whatever you want to call it, it still isn’t going to determine the Presidency. Protest activity in one region doesn’t overrule the duly elected government of all of Peru.
Is that all because they want the election to be moved ahead or is it just crowds supporting an undemocratic wannabe authoritarian? Like the ones we just saw in Brazil?
Why are you jumping to disingenuous? If you think I’m wrong call me wrong, but going after my motives seems unwarranted.