Best part of that anime is showing how it creates a perfectly safe and prosperous society, saving countless lives and preventing general societal collapse.
But yeah in this case we're talking about "crime prevention" as in "let's have a look at everyone's data to see if we can determine who may commit a crime so we can be on their ass the moment they do", which is some thought police shit.
Unless, of course, you have a really bad luck or happen to be at the wrong time in wrong place. Then you are done.
I mean, crime prevention can mean a lot of things. The term is generally used when talking about improving neighbourhoods, after school programs for at risk teens, increased positive contact with police in bad neighbourhoods.
IMO whatever you write which is not directly inciting violence or death threats towards some group or individual, there should be no right to censor or prosecute that individual. If you or politicians don't like it, it's still not a crime. In democracy it's very important to keep freedom of speech and thought.
Maybe read Orwell. That book is not fiction anymore as there is ministry of truth in UK and with digital services act possibly in most EU countries. It includes censorship and with severe cases like that Anna Lipp(or some similiar name) got her bank account frozen and faces three years in prison for reporting from Donbass.
In reality the problem is that we dont trust government and police to really use it to prevent crime and not use it for their own interests.
The new Gestapo is forming and you support it. It's in it's early stages so you really should not let it evolve. Many authoritarian countries started like this. First to prevent crime like child porn and then came the control.
And we shouldn't. They are not that trustworthy. But the idea is good, its just that we don't (and shouldn't) believe that they will really use it the way they say they will.
Should we start jailing innocent people because a failable program is pretty sure they're going to crime ?
People will be like "How is it possible the police didn't prevent this murder when the guy clearly posted his plan on Facebook?" And then turn around and be like "How dare you analyzing data about people, you totalitarian monsters?".