Attacking Ukrainian infrastructure is a stratagy that is intended to create more refugees. Putin is trying to pressure the EU countries that are helping Ukraine by flooding them with refugees. For a xenophobic country like Russia that's a ultimate weapon in their eyes.
The governments of those two countries know that there could be a backlash against more refugees if no end game in this conflict.
There’s now about 1.2 million Ukrainian refugees in Germany and the flood gates are open. The refugee issue stokes right wing extremists who are getting ever increasing support especially among young males.
Which has been funded and otherwise supported and nurtured for decades by Vladimir Putin. He's the only world leader with his particular skill set. KGB training let's him see that influence is a very powerful weapon. His hobbies include practicing Judo the art of using your opponents weight and momentum against them. All in all Putin is a sneaky SOB...
It has nothing to do with Putin. These forces are just under the surface in Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, etc They have been there for decades.
The far right in Germany don’t like Putin and Russians and equally don’t like Ukrainians and other Slavs. Slavic culture is seen my many as inferior. It’s not a widely expressed opinion in Germsn media just as ‘good old Boy’ white boys are no longer politically correct in the USA. However it is still a sizeable minority opinion.
My guess is you’ll soon have France and Fermany pushing for negotiation. A condition won’t be Russian withdrawal but withdrawal as a topic to get ‘discussed’ in future…otherwise never.
The AfD, Germany‘s most prominent far-right political party, is known to have close ties with Putin. There also have been campaign financing scandals involving Russian money.
Yeah, a lot of far-right parties around the Europe have their ties with Russia. Russia is interested to destabilize Europe to minimize support to Ukraine.
What you’re describing is the WW2-era attitude. These days, the far right not just in Germany despises the modern west for being too „woke“ and calls people „soyboys“ while looking east towards their whole idea of „traditional values“ like violent homophobia and bigly strong strongmen like Putin.