In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
“Of course it bothers me,” Daniel Zimmerman, a 70-year-old registered Democrat, told POLITICO as he left a local pharmacy Thursday in Great Neck, a waterfront enclave in the heart of the district. But, he added, he’d vote for Santos again. “Right now I’m a Republican because Democrats, they’re destroying our country. I don’t like the president,”.
Hopping on the top comment to say that they can oust him with a vote. Any calls to resign by the GOP are pure political grandstanding. He’s the perfect example of the people they want to run and they’ll prop him up as a pundit on Fox or sit him on the board of some healthcare company so he can collect his dues as soon as he’s out of office.
It would be hilarious if it for the fact that someone in the process of being evicted due to not paying rent suddenly came in hundreds of thousands of dollars of an unknown origin.
This guy literally stole huge sums of money away from McCarthy and the guy still didn’t have enough of a spine to refuse to seat him.
It’s absolutely baffling how the GOP just took it on the chin. I suspect things would have gone down differently if a) the House GOP majority wasn’t so thin and b) of Kevin wasn’t so desperately in need of votes to be Speaker.
Thanks to our 'visionary' founding fathers, there is a thing that can be done to get rid of him this term.
I can’t even imagine what other horrible stuff will be found out about Santos. There’s now federal, state, and local criminal investigations into him not to mention the fraud charges from Brazil. I hope they formerly request extradition, this guy doesn’t deserve the “luxury” of American prisons.
Here is Santos theme for reelection; Asked if he feels “no shame” about telling “blatant lies” to the electorate, Santos said:
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
It’s worse than that. He paid a staffer a huge sum ($75k I believe) to impersonate McCarthy’s campaign guy and solicit donations. All these donors thought they were giving money to McCarthy and had no clue they were being fraudulently solicited.
“I can say the same thing about the Democrats and the party, look at Joe Biden. Joe Biden has been lying to the American people for 40 years, he’s the president of the United States,” he said.