Charlie Hebdo is a weird bunch lately. They sometimes try to say something, but with the depth of "makes you think" memes on facebook and with the tact of a 4chaner in a foreign country. Other times they do stuff just for the sake of it being offensive, to "trigger" people I guess...
That is a rather peculiar phenomenon. After the war nazism was widespread in these countries. People were indoctrinated by the millions, it was impossible to change that in a short time. You can not imprison half of the population and you can not reverse decades of forced propaganda. So they simply banned being a nazi. You could not say specific things. So yes, it was a special case of reducing free speech.
This doesn't give them immunity from criticism. Humor has the power of changing world for better, and it pushes people to think besides providing relief. This cartoon has nothing but bring disgust..
No, freedom of speech means the Govt. won't silence you from saying something but can still punish you for it. Dictators wouldn't let anyone who criticises them have a chance to denounce them publicly.
Then why cant someone get on TV and start spewing out racial slurs? I can but I'd be charged for breaking some sort of racism law or inciting hatred against people. How far would the freedom of speech spiel get me in court?
Why would I bother learning how Americans navigate free speech to be racist? This whole topic was supposed to be revolving around what was said in a French newspaper and queue the Americans spouting absolute shite that only affects their own country.
Turkey is not killing a lot of people! As US did in Afghanistan, French in Africa, it is conducting anti terror operations. Civilian causality are smaller than comparable operations. You can still critique that but it is not comparable to what earthquake victims are going through.
Don't be sorry my friend. You can keep your free speech and ill take peace of mind on the fact that there's no chance of me being riddled with bullets while out for a walk and affordable health care. Seems like a fair deal.
Check your data and coincise. Not defending Erdogan or Assad but this earthquake killed more than 20K (as of today) The lowlife artist who created this didn't take the time to evaluate how this will be perceived. He deserves all the shame.