In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
There's an argument in the article that the state constitution says only citizens can vote. However reading the constitution, it clearly says that citizens have the right to vote. It doesn't say anything about non citizens.
No taxation without representation was drilled into me in school. So at the end of the day I think it's not right to deny tax payers the right to vote, even if it's just a limited capacity.
I hope this bill becomes law, and that more people feel empowered to participate in making their community a better place.
I hate the phrase “no taxation without representation”. It doesn’t mean anything to American politics. It was a feature of British law, not some sort of moral thing that the founding fathers aspired to achieve. It was also broadly not intended to be about individual voter rights, but more about territorial representation. The colonies just didn’t have reps in Parliament at all. They would have been fine even if only 10 percent of colonists were allowed to vote.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
DC residents can still vote in local elections. Same for residents of Puerto Rico. This bill would make that an option for tax paying non citizens in RI. I don't like the fact that those two places don't have federal representation, but I'm not knowledgeable enough about the specifics to really go further than that.
Washinon DC residents, Puerto Rico, pay federal with no representative. At the state level a Washinon resident that works in Oregon pays Oregon tax with no vote. I'm not arguing it's right but it happens quite a bit for a country that pounds taxation without representation in to the textbooks.
From personal experience, living in one state and paying taxes to another will get you a tax break in your home state. To me that's an okay deal, but I see how some people may disagree.
You are also right about state taxes, and that's why I used Oregon and Washinon. Washinon has no state tax so there is no break to be had.
Felons can vote. They just have to finish serving their time first. Article 2 of the Rhode Island state constitution.
> No person who is incarcerated in a correctional facility upon a felony conviction shall be permitted to vote until such person is discharged from the facility. Upon discharge, such person’s right to vote shall be restored.
To clarify, I had no idea if it was a felony or not. Mostly I'd just read the article, where it clearly stated felons could vote, and wanted to point that out to them.
I wasn't trying to make any sort of point for or against the debate in RI just agreeing that it's weird that we are all programmed that this country was founded, in part, on taxation without representation and we have numerous examples of actual legal citizens that we don't even extend that right to or bend it at least let alone undocumented.
I acknowledge that it may have been a better move to investigate further first instead of an off the cuff reply stating the other comment was incorrect for a different reason.