Sorry that I'm not celebrating our government bankrolling a completely unnecessary extension of the bloodshed and loss of life. War is an abject evil, and any action that extends it or that stands in the way of immediate peace discussions to any without any preconditions from either party to any degree is equally evil and morally abhorrent.
That's it, they aren't considering what is "Good for America" because they sold their souls for Russian help and money a LONG time ago.
They don't see it because their pockets are being lined with Russian money and influence in their elections.
I don't like paying for any wars, but paying another country (with a lot of that money just being old equipment) to fight is extremely cost effective.
For a fraction of the cost (compare to eg. Iraq, Afghanistan) they get to fist russia, and get a hold of multiple markets, including the energy, and military markets.
America is bankrolling the deaths of Ukrainians and Russians not for some moral good, but in the service of geopolitical goals. What we should be doing, and indeed should've done the moment hostilities broke out, is using our position as the world superpower to force Ukraine and Russia to the negotiating table immediately without any preconditions from either party.
Any other course of action, and especially this one, where our government stated it is willing to bankroll this conflict and the senseless deaths of soldiers and civilians that will come with it, rather than doing anything at all to bring an immediate unconditional peace, is not just evil, it is morally heinous, and I dearly hope fate judges the soulless warmongers who've taken this path with the extreme severity they so desperately deserve when their time comes.
I would oppose any militarized response to a direct attack on us here in America with equal vigor and would strongly urge everyone I know not to take up arms in her defense. Nations have no value, land has no value, their governments have no value, and none of them deserve any effort in their defense that could cost even one innocent life, ever. War never, ever serves the people, not even when it is defensive. It serves the state and the nation, both of which are meaningless things without value.
We are, for once, not party to a major conflict. Which means we SHOULD be using our power to protect the civilians of Ukraine and the conscripts Russia is feeding into the meatgrinder against their will be immediately forcing an end to this conflict. Instead, we've publicly announced that we're willing to continue to support bloodshed instead of doing whatever it takes to bring forth an immediate, unconditional end to the fighting and death, the goal that is far more important than any claims Russia may have or Ukraine's control of their territory.