That very small amount would then have to be pulverized to a very fine dust, then dispersed high into the atmosphere for any significant spread.
The happens with atomic weapons because of the mushroom cloud. The weapon spreads the particles, then burns all the air near ground zero, then the air rushing to fill the vacuum pulls the particles back in where they rise and spread out on the now superheated air.
In atomic accidents like Chernobyl this happens because the fire and heat from the reactor is right next to the radioactive particles being released and also rise on the hot air to spread by the atmosphere.
A strike in bunker will have less fire, even accounting for missile fuel, and the rubble will help trap it. Radioactive contamination will still occur but will be fairly contained close to the area.
Nuclear weapons are pretty much always stored inside a protected facility to safeguard them from first-strikes. A nuclear weapon has a strong tamper and reflector blanket around the fissile core to contain the initial nuclear reaction while it's critical for enough time to allow the reaction to continue and increase the yield. The conventional expolsives in a nuclear device are very insensitive to prevent accidents from occurring. Additionally the fissile materials within the warhead are dense, solid material - not radioactive glitter.
The world does not need another nuclear capable nation and Russia does not need another angle to deploy nukes against Ukraine.
You're right, Ukraine needs to find a way to seize the nuclear assets instead of destroying them. It would be very beneficial for Ukraine if they'd get their hands on some Russian nuclear assets as a deterrent against future Russian aggression.
NATO can provide that protection if Ukraine gets accepted (if Turkey and Hungary won't cause problems), until then it's best if Ukraine has a few nuclear capable missiles to deter Russian aggression. This war only happened because Ukraine gave up their nuclear stockpile back in the 90s.
The second Ukraine has the option of a nuclear strike, Russia WILL fabricate a situation in which they can justify a first strike. Ukraine should destroy any and all nukes they find in Crimea.
Russia knows very well that they can't strike Ukraine with a nuke, even with a fabricated story (Russia would lose support from two big "allies", India and China) and NATO would decimate Russia's military in a few weeks time. But I agree, Ukraine needs to destroy any Russian nuclear weaponry they can find.
If you look at my comment history, I'm clearly an avid supporter of Ukraine who despises putin's mobster government with an unmatched fervour.
I still think Russia would strike a nuclear equipped Ukraine and call it a tactical response... Putin is a mad man.