To simplify: Because to stimulate the growth of renewable energy and to secure energy accessibility, in the early EU there are several agreements in place for the energy market - for example to always pay the highest price of the energy mix that is currently in use. Cheapest are wind and solar, followed by other renewables, coal, nuclear and finally the most expensive: gas. If energy demand is too high, German gas reactors go live, and even if you’d receive 90% renewables and only 10% gas you’d pay 100% the gas price for all of it.
to be fair gas prices at the market are down to pre war levels, even below that. Not arguing that the market mechanism is fine the way it is, but right now the problem for consumers is when energy providers will pass on those cheaper prices.
To be very brief: German Gas consumption is rather high per capita, since a lot of our homes are heated with gas only, many of our industries need gas as fuel or ingredient, whether it is for the steel industry or chemical industry and so on. Gas was meant to be a cheap bridge from coal to renewable, but because of some peculiar political decisions, the incentive to lower gas consumption just kicked into effect before the war. And price wise that only became a problem as soon as gas prices exploded and the expectation that gas could be scarce (which ultimately didn’t happen) triggered enormous prices for gas consumption, since our gas tanks are still filled with the expensive gas, even if the price sinks.
And without jeopardizing the economy, private people but the deficit as well, what the German state payed is limited and nowhere near the actually price hike especially low and middle income households are struggling to keep up with.
You forgot cursing the stupid Germans for ruining energy prices with their gas dependency, while they export electricity not produced by gas to countries running their electric grid on up to 50% gas.
They could just tell eon and rwe to shut up and take the loss or subsidize it. But nooo. Gotta squeeze some more cash out of the poorest citizens.
So how do we get all that energy from spain back to germany without losing like 30-50% to transporting it back?
If you have any kind of 'living comfortable' money you have solar panels or some other renewable energy thing going for your home anyway and probably laugh about the peons considering if they really need to run the washing machine again.
Solar might not be the best option for germany, but it would help if conservative parties like the csu would drop their ridiculous rules like 'the distance from a wind turbine to the nearest settlement needs to be its height times 10'. It's the same people who get drunk on the oktoberfest with people from all over the world, puke everywhere in the city and trains and then oppose cannabis legalization with big publicity because they do not want drug tourism. Thank god these idiots are slowly dying.