"The government" in British and Commonwealth contexts usually means the current political administration (the prime minister and other ministers in Parliament), so this implies that it's at the direction of politicians not the civil service or other apolitical administrators.
I'm an American, but I follow British politics for fun so I've picked up a lot of the lingo, but I think the first time I figured this out was a headline something like "Belgium hasn't had a government for two years" that totally didn't compute with the US understanding of "government.".
>"There is no question about this, that it's directed by [the White House]," he told Sydney radio station 2GB.
Yea, like I said, I knew it, but I didn't switch on the translator. Like how you can listen to someone from any other country talk about football for several minutes before you remember that they mean football.
Basically, there's going to be an indigenous person on the note rather than an irrelevant monarch from the other side of the world and a whole lot of racists are going to be bent out of shape.
Thank you for the information regarding Australia's RBA, and the liberal/conservative thing. I was confused for a moment, then realized there must be an explanation, and then I saw your comment.
The Reserve Bank of Australia is independent of the government. They're the ones who decide on the notes. They'll consult the government, but the decision lies with them.
They've also disregarded that idea, given money to their friends at the expense of the rest of the country and tried to interfere with the private lives of citizens because of their superstition.
The last lot at the helm of Australia would have been an utter disaster (not that they didn't try...) of they'd been able to influence monetary policy.
Unfortunately, the current government, who are doing a remarkable job, are lumped with almost a decade of neglect and shitty policy to clean up. Fortunately, the RBA being independent meant that there was only so much harm that could be done.
The Maori population of NZ aren't a bloody tourist attraction, they're the indigenous people. They just weren't damn-near wiped out by invaders.
We'll see a republic eventually. Now that Liz has croaked and Chuck isn't far off himself, it'll happen and Australia will be a slightly better place as a result.
No, people who object to the aboriginal flag being a part of the Australian flag once we become a republic, and as mentioned by someone else, people who will object to an indigenous person on the note.
Ironically, the Liberal party in Australia are conservatives. Not a patch on the fucked-up shitty mess like in 'Murica, but still a bunch of bigots stuck in the dark ages.
Any Australian who has a sense of purpose purely because of someone on the other side of the world who was born into a position has problems...