edit: keep the downvotes coming my burmese brethren. fact remains that your shitty leader painted herself as some champion for freedom and then went to the hague to defend the military for accusations of genocide. fucking funny - the whole free world was behind her and she shat it all down the drain to defend a genocidal junta. them's are the facts, buddies, 1000 years from now scholars will look at these moments and conclude that: "damn, she fuuuuucked up bad".
Oh yeah forgot about the fact that military has the most popular new agency in country that is actively spreading misinformation. No no it's the people fault that they don't know.
oh man, but somehow they all know the military is horrible and that freedom and democracy is great, right? even though the military totally support that view, right??
lmfao. most burmese at best passively accepted the wholescale removal of rohingya from burma just because they're "not burmese" or some bullshit like that. and many were actively cheering on the military's actions against them.
"FREEDOM THREE DEMANDS - except for those people over there because they ain't part of our thing, they can get fucked.".
pffft, give me a fucking break with this "b-b-b-b-but they didn't know" nonsense. hilarious how they don't know but are now resisting the military coup en masse.
1000 years from now people will look on the example of burma and this \^ will be the take away. whether you like it or not suu kyi went to the hague to fucking DEFEND the military's actions. she also didn't know, right? RIGHT? because of the military's news agency, RIGHT?!?
pure and simple xenophobia from the top all the way down. what a tragedy - suu kyi and burma had such potential. now all pissed down the drain, destined to be another shithole chinese client state.
anyway, back to suu kyi flushing burma's long term democratic dreams down the fucking gutter: stuff like this here will be written in history and considered a tragedy.
your dear leader wanted everyone to call them "bengalis" instead because that would mean they are the other, and so... it's right to rape and kill them? instead of trying to sway her people away from hate she embraced xenophobia, and defended the military at the hague.
if you understood english and what it means to "imply" something you'd understand that i'm not from anywhere near the middle east but you really proved me right calling you a fucking dumbass, though.
you really think it's wise to use any real names and adjectives in online usernames? do you really think i'm an actual "house of prostitution located in iran"?
I'm guessing from your comment pattern. But your username confirm that you take pride in your ancestor origin. Not many people will use the name Persian. And ofcouse if your requirements for insulting other online people for today reached full then step outside and look at your shit show of a country too.
bro, iran is a huge shitshow, so... what? haha. are you trying to gaud me into some shit flinging contest? is that all you "freedom for burma" dumbasses got left?
at least the shithole that is iran has a cultural civilization, and a wealth of natural resources to fall back on. what the fuck does your shithole have? hahaha. 1/3 or the golden triangle? lol.
you're so dumb man... i'm starting to feel really bad for you. i'm the furthest thing away from a muslin or a middle easterner, you dim wit.
both the shah and the ayotollahs are fucking idiots. mohamed is a pedophile piece of shit. and suu kyi is a failed leader who embraced hate and xenophobia. lol. what now, dumbass? find some other shit to fling. you're so dumb i'm losing what little hope i had left for burma with every response you make.