In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I don't want California to think I am being critical - generally, it is better than my state (NC) by a long shot. But California (the parts people live in, anyway) is pretty middling corporate-moderate Democrats embodied.
Progressives - if you want power within the Democratic party (and I do), then you have to VOTE. VOTE in every single primary and other election. Vote Progressive from the top down.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Vote for who you want in the primaries. Vote strategically in the general. Corporate ass-licking "moderate" Democrats are still better than fascist/authoritarian Republicans.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Get the progressive votes up to \80% and we would own the party. They will never GIVE us what we are due. We will have to TAKE it, through voting, and thus ousting our leadership when they are too compromised by corporate interests.
California is the most ethnically diverse states in the United States - which is what the DNC is trying to achieve, reach a better consensus of candidate and appeal to more than white Democrats.
We have our own healthcare marketplace (Covered California) and a progressive taxation, compared to most states.
“Corporate” is just an insult that bitter and narrow minded liberals use to disparage anything they don’t like.
White Democrats have distinctly different priorities than minority Democrats or Independents, which the Democrats need to win state and nation wide elections.
It’s about more than climate change and LGBTQ+ rights for a lot of voters that Democrats need to appeal to.
I am a progressive with no rose colored glasses. I don't think the DNC acted particularly honorably in the last primaries. Guess what - they never do. And they never will.
Paranoid person: "That's exactly what the mind controlling people putting drugs in the water WOULD say.".
There is no arguing with you, you don't care about reason or logic. Whatever fits your narrative is what you believe, and you reject that does not fit your narrative.
meh - like I said earlier - I would gladly have California's policies in my state - NC - a GqP shithole.
That sounds exactly what I'd expect a corporate-friendly, moderate, generic DNC supporter to say. Sounds like we are in agreement on California's political position (the inhabited parts, anyway).
Many times, liberals/the left/Democrats are their own worst enemies. If I agree with you on 80% of the things, as a progressive vs a moderate democrat, are we still political allies? We should be.
I mean it, though, when I say it sounds like we are in agreement on California's political position. California is pretty much the crown jewel in the states by mainstream DNC standards.
And let me assure you, I will pick that over authoritarianism/fascism any day. I voted for Biden, and Clinton before him. Although I consider both of them moderate, corporate-friendly democrats.