TLDR: European Union (EU) law will impose dramatic new accountability requirements on social media platforms, including Reddit. The Executive Vice-President of the EU government, Margrethe Vestager, is joining r/WorldNews for a Reddit Talk about the new laws.
In April, the European Parliament passed the , arguably the free world's most forceful legislation for transparency, democratic oversight, and public accountability by internet "intermediary service providers".
Providers will be subject to , including: algorithmic transparency; prompt removal of illegal posts; systems to inhibit the spread of disinformation, hate, and other harmful content; compulsory co-operation with "trusted flaggers" to take down violating posts; and protection for users against false or predatory accusations.
Margrethe Vestager (u/Margrethe_Vestager), Executive Vice-President of the European Government, was one of the prime authors of the Digital Services Act. We are, very sincerely, delighted that she joins us today to discuss what the Act means for the digital landscape in Europe and the world.
Those providers include ISPs, online marketplaces, and app stores, amongst others. However, worldwide attention has focussed on the Act's application to social media platforms, especially with recent developments at Twitter.
As Executive Vice-President of the European Commission, Margrethe is responsible for "A Europe Fit for the Digital Age" and is also the Commissioner for Competition. She has gained global renown for her determination and success in confronting some of the world's most powerful transnational corporations, including Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Gazprom, Google, and Twitter.
The penalties to platforms who do not comply could be catastrophic: fines of up to 6% of global revenues and potential expulsion from the EU market.
The multi-billion-euro consequences she has levied against those corporations for abusing their monopoly power and evading taxes may very well be the largest fines in the history of organised civilisation. The Economist magazine described her as “the world’s most powerful trustbuster”, and Donald Trump said she was, “perhaps worse than any person I’ve ever met”, which I am sure she wears as a badge of honour.
She is also widely suspected to be the real-world inspiration for the protagonist in the Danish political drama Borgen.
My colleague will moderate the written discussion thread, and will put a representative cross-section of questions and comments to Margrethe. He leads some of Reddit’s largest communities, including r/WorldNews, r/News, r/Politics, and r/Geopolitics. His handle at Reddit is u/dieyoufool3.
will support the Talk. He leads a range of Reddit communities, including r/WorldNews, r/AskLatinAmerica, r/Brazil, and r/Europe. He tweets at .
Due to... Musk, the Mastodon platform has seen a significant rise. It is fully decentralized and more comparable to email than a social media but where does it fit into the DSA?
I, , will moderate the conversation. Outside Reddit, I serve as Ambassador-at-Large for the Global Organization of Parliamentarians Against Corruption, and as a Senior Fellow at the University of Toronto's School of Global Affairs. At Reddit, I lead the r/Equestrian community. I tweet at and I am on Instagram at .