But if Iran attacks SaudiArabia we are first to defend them? After the Saudis sided with Putin on oil cuts they are cosing up to Xi, time to re asses WHO is not our ally any longer based on the OBVIOUS.
The American administration wouldn’t have done what they did if they didn’t consider potential consequences and the Saudi administration wouldn’t be doing what it is doing for no reason. Based off the Americans recent actions it seems they are more concerned with the pacific and revitalizing it’s homeland. It’s entirely possible the Americans no longer care and the Saudi Arabians are trying to goad the Americans back into caring or they may be courting China as an alternative in the event the Americans actually don’t care anymore. I do doubt China will waste money and military assets abroad defending Saudi Arabia though. Things are definitely changing.
The USA is making moves to bring manufacturing and certain other industries back home. Some of these moves come to the detriment of Allies and have Europe, Japan and Korea side eyeing us. America is clearly focusing inward, how far it goes, who knows. But the Saudi Arabia’s of the world wouldn’t be making these moves for nothing.
Naaa China imports most of its energy resources. They need the Saudis for their sweet sweet oil. The Saudis and China need the US to guarantee free passage of shipping. China has a huge fleet but very few ships are capable of blue water force protection over the distances needed to secure their oil supplies. Saudi also needs a guaranteed of their security. Their war against the Houthi’s have proven they are a mediocre military power despite all the hardware they buy. If a rival power like Iran decided to mix it up with the Saudis they’d roll them without our protection.
The US does not need Saudi in the long run. We can make our own energy. We stick around to ensure the price of oil stays stable for our allies in Europe. But that is probably going to change after the war in Ukraine is over.
Look at how American left a certain part of the Middle East abruptly without even notifying some key allies ahead of time. I don’t think there’s any guarantee the USA will continue to do some of the things it has done in the past. Especially for free.. some allies may be on there own depending on who they are.
We still have a use for Japan and Korea. They make great Allie’s and help us box in China and NK. I think they will be fine.
Is that why Japan and Korea signed the RCEP deal along with China? Would you further integrate your economy with someone you see as a sworn enemy? Japan and Korea will not cross any line unless China does first, China hasn’t even gone towards Taiwan yet. I wouldn’t expect any hard help from japan or Korea unless they are directly hit by something.
Once Ukraine finishes dismantling the Russian army then the calculus in Europe will change. If the Russian Federation breaks up (which looks very likely) then Europe might find itself having to guarantee its own security.
The Ukraine war just proved to any intelligent European strategic planner that they are utterly dependent on the United States.
Europe has but does the U.S. want to continue to underwrite their security if Russia gets dismantled?
Japan and Korea are not interested in being the stage for a battle that would lead to world war 3 and will probably do everything in their power to remain neutral with an obvious tilt towards America. But they are not gonna risk all that damage on command from America unless the first strike comes externally. It makes more since for them to play a balancing act. After all they are not owned by America.
Never said they didn’t align with America. I merely said neither is interested in a war in their backyard unless it absolutely has to happen. Therefore they may trend towards neutrality on certain issues, which they do.
With signs pointing to America focusing more inward, it’s likely conflict scenarios would decrease anyhow unless a key resource like chips was disrupted. However China seems to be making progress on its own in that field and America is also working towards that, if the Americans are self sufficient, outside of key issues why bother interfering in a battle that would lead to nukes?
I don’t see China making any moves that would trigger them too unless China feels it is ready to deal with America on a peer level. Hence, I don’t see China making a move to provoke Japan or Korea. In other words on economics and certain.
Read clearly what I just said, “Unless it’s absolutely necessary”. They are not going to do anything in a war unless they are provoked and it is absolutely necessary.
other politics japan and Korea will be neutral just like a lot of asia while they continue to build up their military just in case.
Saudi Arabia tries to raise gasoline prices before the American midterm elections, in order to strenhen the Republicans and weaken the Democratic party. This is a strategic move, because the Republican parties have been much more beholden to the oil industry and Saudi Arabia over the past 50 years.
Saudi Arabia is attempting to align themselves with the other fossil fuel producers, and any nation which pushes for a lower oil. Consuming future is an enemy of the Saudi state. Recently, this is included the United States under Joe Biden.
While I agree with your premise. I’d like to point out that China history of printing currency makes Jpow “printers go burr” look like an amateur. China devalues their currency to keep the export machine rolling. China also can’t keep Saudi safe. They can’t project force at nearly the scale the US can.
Finally look at our currency as a store of value. We are the only major economic power that has raised interest rates significantly in the face of rampant inflation. China, E.U. Etc can’t as they are facing economic and demographic crises. No sane country will adopt a currency that is going to devalue itself.
The Saudi Arabian government knows that they are losing prestige and influence worldwide, and thus they feel compelled to tie themselves publicly to China. They would not do this unless they found themselves in a position of such weakness that they would want to get tied to the Chinese government.
At the international level, everyone knows that you don't get in bed with China unless you want to get fucked. No one comes out of a business deal with China happy about it. Most major nations are actively moving away from China, because they have experience what it is to be fucked by the Chinese, and they don't want any more of that.
So, observe the Saudis moving closer to China, and understand that they are doing this because they are weak, and they are growing so desperate that even being under the chinese's influence is preferable to their status quo.
Basically, don't believe the hype that this is the start of some new international alliance. This is a desperation move by Saudi Arabia, who is watching the relationship with their primary benefactor, the USA, splinter.