The more urgent issue is to hit Russian high value targets in the entirety of eastern Ukraine, which the GLSDB will do, and it can be manufactured in quantity. Quantity would be good, very good.
GLSDB can be either GBU-39As or GBU-39Bs. 39As would be plenty for Ukraine still, as that's a rocket that can still strike a stationary target from roughly 100 miles out with a CEP of just 5 meters. Warhead is the same as a M31, but with twice the range.
The interstage connection to convert a GBU-39B bomb to a GLSDB isn’t even in production yet. There’s loads of M26 rockers to launch the bomb but without the intersection you’ll need a laser to pinpoint where the missile strikes… which is not very useful for Ukraine. These missiles also pack less punch too than you’re regular GMLRS M31 missiles.
Even with GBU-39Bs, Ukrainian forces could simply use laser designators to paint for the weapon, literally exactly like how RAF Eurofighters tend to conduct strike packages in groups of 2, with one lasing for the other. Hell, makes more sense than having the weapon self laze, as the GBU-39 has no target selection capabilities of its own...
That would mean Ukraine would need targeting pods, drones or NATO fighters to be able to designate laser guided weapons targets. At the moment laser guided munitions don’t make much sense. However, I can see F16 eventually being given along with GBU-39B bombs.
No, it'd just mean they'd need handheld designators in front line forces, which isn't an unrealistic thing at all.
SOF calls in strike package, confirms they will paint the target, GLSDB is fired, GBU-39B locks onto SOF's laser, boom. Literally no different than the average strike package called in by a NATO JTAC today.
And ATACMS is a slow lumbering missle. They will be more easily shot down by Russian missle defense compared to the harder to intercept GMLRS. And we know interception rates for GMLRS by the pantsir system has increased.
Yes, but the trajectories are very different. The ATACMS spends alot more time in the air, so more chances to shoot it down, and it is slow compared to other longer range missiles, and slow compared to the ATACMS replacement, the PrGM.
Alot of the success with GMLRS is that they can pretty easily saturate any possible missle defense with like a dozen missles. But ATACMS your always launching a much smaller number of missiles that will spend a longer time in the air.