Yep! We don’t accept any donors with travel/military service in Germany/Eastern European countries for certain time periods. Like early 80’s to early 90’s, few late 90’s for some.
Mainly due to CJD. Which is better explained as the human form of mad cow disease (creates holes in your brain).
It's no joke. I watched my grandfather die from it and... there's not words for what a horrorshow it is. One misfolded prion (protien) and BAM you've got literal holes in your brain. You lose everything that makes you you before you die. Once it starts it's already too late, but even before it starts there's no treatment, it's a death sentence. EDIT Notice I didn't say no CURE there's not even a TREATMENT. You will lose your mind and die in agony, long enough after symptoms start to watch everything you are as a person disappear day by day until you're too far gone to even notice the losing. Even this doesn't adequately capture the horror of dying from a prion disease. And it may be my fate.
It's worth being cautious about. And no, vCJD is NOT functionally different, except the mode of transmission.
CJD isn’t transmissible (potentially unless you eat infected human neural tissue). vCJD can develop from eating infected cow neural tissue or blood donation, but it is a different disease.
As someone with familial CJD in my family it ABSOLUTELY is transmissible, and yes you can potentially get it from organs and blood (some regulations around that in the US were lifted literally this year, but I think it may only be for plasma, not blood).
CJD can theoretically be transmitted through neural tissue and blood, but it has never been witnessed. If the transmission of CJD through blood was a concern then Ashkenazi Jews would be forbidden from donating blood, but they aren’t.
The concern with donating blood is from individuals with vCJD caused by BSE. vCJD has been confirmed to be transmissible in blood.
I recall reading about a case of transmission of CJD from a cornea transplant, from one human to another. I am not an expert on this disease, but considering its severity, i would err on the side of caution and not take chances with blood donation.