After the joke of a response when taking Crimea from world leaders, there is no room to not be an unmovable wall to any Russian threats (or actions). Those weapons are horrific, the thought of someone believing that using one for any reason ...blows every rational neuron in my brain. But it is more dangerous at thia point not to see this through. They let Russia bark and take, bark and take...we have been through this before. Stop the wannabe hitler now before someone decides to join his side and start WWW3...(and you dont count Belurus, your dictator and any of his piss ants dont rate enough to count t for an alliance.).
Crimea should have been treated like Kosovo. Unilateral declaration of independence if it wants, but an internationally observed referendum (not the bogus one Russia conducted) and no strong-arming by Moscow. Instead the cranky response by the West looked weak, like they didn't like it happening but weren't prepared to back a war to reverse the annexation.
Same right as Catalonia, Kosovo, or any other region which consists of a cultural and/or ethnic minority.
Also, it's a fully correct thought, but for a different set of reasons. Okay, let's say you don't believe in Russian nuclear doctrine (which says nukes can only be used in case the enemy uses WMDs, or threatens the existence of the country). But real problem here is efficiency.
Internally of course breaking away is illegal. Tell a Serb that Kosovo is not Serbia and he might get quite irate.
Strategic nukes are usually underestimated: people refuse to see how much of an overkill this stuff is. Fallout would be enough to hit both NATO territories and Russia itself. Not even talking about how, you know, Russia plans to USE that ground later, thus sticking to conventional shells.
Tactical nukes, on the contrary, are massively overestimated. They are comparable if not less efficient than air bombings. For example, a 20kt nuke, if used on a battlefield (not a densely packed city), would only be guaranteed to kill and destroy everything in like 500m radius. Everything beyond that will be badly, but reversibly, damaged. And then it will leave an irradiated crater that cannot be used for further advancement.
It seems more likely they'd do airbursts to avoid the fallout and long-term radiation at the contact point. It's what the US did in Japan and the cities are bustling today.
In Japan there wasn’t really much of an idea what would happen. USA even planned to use the third bomb to blow up defense lines during the assault, and later analysis has shown how stupid that idea was.
Nukes are a deterrent so that no one gets any ideas. That’s the whole point of their existence. In the immortal words of Howard Stark, the best weapon is the one you don’t even need to fire.