In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Hakeem Jeffries would be a flaming fool to agree to any deal that didn't include some sort of power sharing arrangement for key committees in the House.
The question comes down to just how crazy/demanding the MAGA nuts in the House turn out to be. It could be that McCarthy has to promise them so much just to get the job that he'll never be able to actually govern. And while that might be fine with the MAGAs, not every Republican is on board with that as a philosophy.
What if McCarthy's the one to make a deal with Hakeem Jeffries? Might he be able to get a better deal from him than he can get from the MAGAs? The MAGAs have nothing to offer for the next two years except a non-stop shitshow, with more drama and demands every single week. Making a deal with them might be the worst mistake ever.
And he will... Remember that this is the guy who, in order to get that Speaker job, crawled like a snake to kiss Trump's feet even after Trump had basically spit on his face!
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I'd love to see it. It'd be a huge smack in the face to Republicans as a governing force. And it would cut down drastically on the numbskullery we're likely to see for the next two years. It could even be the first rift on the right that splits magas from the rest of the party.
OTOH, accepting votes from Dems will turn some Reps off, meaning he'd need even more votes from the Dems, which means they'd want even more in return.
Once upon a time, it was conventional wisdom that Republicans would fall in line. Be interesting to see how true that still is.
And if McCarthy had a lick of sense, he'd take a lesson from Ryan or Boener: Give up this speaker crap and open a marijuana company. Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah.