US intelligence agencies remain divided in their conclusions on covids origins, and the environment agency (whos view this article is referring to) said they have 'low confidence' in the veracity of their own claim. So not as much of a smoking gun as the article is making it out to be. Unfortunately we'll probably never know for sure if it occurred naturally or leaked from a lab.
Lol yeah that's some weird intelligence agency BS speak right there. The real question is why did they bother publicising a view they don't even hold with conviction, when most other US intelligence agencies disagree?
anyone in the science community has been open to the fact that it could have accidentally leaked from a lab. they may have thought, based on best available evidence, that this was less likely than originating naturally via wet market, but could entertain both as possibilities.
what the science community was labeling a conspiracy was the idea that it was intentionally engineered to be so virulent by the CCP in a feat of biological warfare. there’s really no evidence for that, and China itself has suffered heavily for covid, so even the idea is dumb. if they were designing biological warfare why would they make something that places its origin, and much of its burden, directly on them?
the conspiracies often came tied to xenophobic or racist misconceptions, and misunderstandings of “gain of function” and other research principles that were off the deep end, and that’s why science quickly and forcefully rejected those claims, even while knowing the lab leak theory should be explored.
It doesn't matter if Xi was injecting people himself, the GOP and trump administrations response was shit, and hundreds of thousands of Americans died needlessly.
Encouraging masks and vaccine use might have helped, but trump and the right needed to own the libs at the expense of their own voters.
We didn't dig up the victims of the 1918 flu to check how they died, the excess death numbers tell us the story. Excess so deniers need to explain why so many more people died.