In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Maybe a decent way to try to understand this goes something like this: humans are tribalistic by nature, and some humans are especially susceptible to suggestion and to having strong reactions to identifying a “them”. To putting a name to a different “tribe”. Antisemitism is just one form of that process where a specific group of “them” is identified as a threat, or as different, or whatever their reasoning is.
The question is always who gets to decide who is silenced? Is it just mob rules where every controversial opinion gets censored? If I believe we should have bordera s enforced by law or you believe the US is imperialist and should stay out of foreign wars,and my neighbor is against race based favorites, and your mom thinks whites should pay reparations...who is silenced?
I don't follow any Nazis and so I can make the choice not to hear whatever they're spewing. I don't want to make the choice of who's allowed to talk to anybody, and I don't want somebody else making the choice of what I'm allowed to say to people who choose to listen.
There is no free speech on a privately owned platform. Companies are free to set whatever usage terms they want & can ban people however they see fit. They are not the government.
If we let folks use “free speech” and hate to rile up the hateful among us, it has only a negative affect. Like giving alcohol to an alcoholic, or an addict heroin, you just feed their dark side with no rules on social media.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.