In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
the argument that voting should be limited in order to minimize POC votes is the argument that is winning among GOP leadership and the voting base, let's not pretend like that's not central to their approval of this future they are working to achieve.
It’s so obvious what the Republicans are doing. Any one running against a Republican should remind voters that if you vote Republican, it may be the last time you’re able to cast a vote. They can’t win fair and square. They know it. Their constituency is old, dying, and racist. “Can’t win, cheat.” is their motto. Oh well. Good riddance.
Good point. Personally, I hope Michael Burry is buying up positions in prison labor equities so he can short the shit out of them or destroy them from the inside. But Capitalism rarely produces such heroes. Instead, Capitalism usually pumps out Musks and Buffets.
Moreover, Bannon, Orban, Miller, and Meloni represent the global fascist white-nationalist threat. And it’s organized. Trump was a president that represented their ideals. Brexit was another attempt in the fashion of the aforementioned. Prisons, nursing homes, and psych wards are where these people belong.
Yes we do. Yes it is. No it doesn’t. And what you think is communism is actually Stalinism, so you’re wrong on that too. 0-4. Anything else you want to be proven wrong on?
Well Musk. Like Jobs, is not a nice person and Musk is wierd as hell but I credit him both for getting Detroit to electrify and for building some cool spacecraft.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I doubt that. If he hadn't been there waving his dick around, there would be no Tesla and no Space-X. There is a time when visionary assholes are needed.
Neither side is any good; however, when your choice is “vote again” or “never vote again,” the choice is clear. But that will only help one side for so long.
I agree a bit. But I grew up around people who identified as Republicans. They were always vile people. Trump made it ok for them to be loud and proud about their hate and ignorance. These people didn’t just pop up over night, They’ve always been here. And now the children of these parents, nieces of uncles, nephews of uncles, and grandchildren of grandparents have collectively said the same thing. Republican vs. Democrat is very much about old, racist religious fanatics vs. young, progressive, agnostics. And wait until 2023, when Republicans realize how much more ground they’re going to lose. And I’m sure they’re planning more violence. I’ll have absolutely no compunction about turning over a relative in a J6-kind of crime.