In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
now remember with stock options, the CEO has to pay the option price, then can try to sell them for market value (hopefully higher than the option price).
CEO has a base salary of 175,000 dollars a year. Lets call it 200K with some of the perks he may get. The remainder is in stock options. They vest anywhere from 5 to 10 years out.
Because there are still a lot of people on Twitter. Also, I really hate the rethoric that Twitter is now an evil place. Some even went as far that Twitter was the recent cause of the mass shooting ( Even before Twitter was live these horrible events took place. Facebook has also been linked to directly caused violence and hate must we all leave that platform as well? Also, I want to add I don't agree that certain people are rehabilitated to go back on Twitter. Only you make it far worse as it is. If you compare Twitter from now to a month almost nothing changed.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
o we need to set the base pay for the workers. 9.3% would be 19,344 a year. The remainder of their pay will be in stock options that they can't exercise (you know pay cash for the stocks), for anywhere between 5 to 10 years.
Oh and the stock options -- at the time the employee exercises them -- will count as income and they will need to pay income tax on the options (the company won't be paying the tax at the time, the employee will).
Then change what I said to employee's get 9.3% of their pay as a base salary, and the remainder in restricted stock that won't vest for 5 to 10 years down the road.
Now say Amazon workers think they are worth $100 an hour. Works out to be $208k a year (wow more than the CEO's base pay).