In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Again, the disaster was bad, the Norfolk Southern response was outright criminal, and DeWine has been awful, but I think there's some sensationalism with the oily water videos.
Not defending how DeWine has handled the situation, and I'm sure it's worse than they are saying, but...
People don't typically drink directly from creek water. The amount of processing that water plants use are very likely to clear any of these chemicals. At least, modern or Major population centers water treatment plants...perhaps this small community doesn't have that solid of a water infrastructure.
...I would be surprised if the residents of E. Palestine have connection to a sewer? It's probably mostly well water over there, though I wouldn't know how to verify that. Well/Ground water would be vulnerable to pollution.
In the more rural communities, absolutely. East Palestine is not rural though. I'm from Youngstown originally, about 30 minutes to the north of there and even 20 years ago the township was pretty much interconnected to the Youngstown micropolitan and Akron-Canton metropolitan area. Ohio has tons of tiny sized and small population townships like that, butted against one another based on old late 1600s 5x5 ish mile farm plot designations. It makes it seem considerably less developed until you're driving through there and can't tell where one township ends and the next begins and you're passing through your 4th or 5th township in a half an hour.
It's a small township but part of a large metro sprawl that stretches north of Youngstown in Mahoning County on down through to Columbia County where East Palestine is, and west towards the Akron-Canton area. It's not the middle of the Ghobi Desert or some isolated rural bumkin town. Well water is not going to be common there at all.
Not sure, but I live in SW Ohio and our local creeks occasionally have a sheen like it. Could be pollutants, could be something natural. But I'm not drinking creek water, even when I hike lol.
I will say, Cincinnati water works shut off their river intakes for a few days as the spills were tracked downstream, so it was a risk.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I said something similar, but your point is much better than mine. Sensational videos of oil slick creeks aren't the same as treated municipal water, but yeah the surrounding ecosystem is screwed.
I tried talking shop with folks, I got responses like 'Fine You keep drinking poison then' and 'Everyone from there is going to be dead in ten years!' Even got a private message asking how much Norfolk was paying me.