In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Yeah I was doing a little digging after my post and saw that Tennessee was one of the few states in the country with no Casinos. Hawaii is probably the best example of a US location where you're no where near a casino.
It will never happen in Texas as long as someone with an R next to their name is in charge. They get far too much money from Louisiana and Oklahoma to legalize gambling.
At some point they'll look at Cannabis tax revenue and realize Oil isn't the only thing making big bucks in TX.
Texans will drive hours to go gamble regardless. Might as well keep the money in the State and collect taxes here.
Do people even need an "underground" source for gambling anymore? Texas already has 20 casinos spread out in the state on tribal land. They also have dozens of small operations that just have simple gaming options like BINGO, slot machines and maybe a poker room.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Bans seem pointless to me at this point. It's on the ballot in my state almost every election too and the only people fighting it are tribal donors that don't want to lose their monopoly on gaming. They don't pay taxes but sure do poor in billions to politicians and to fight gaming initiatives.
People that want to gamble already can legally fairly easy without dealing with some back alley bookie that's going to break their thumbs if they don't pay.
Given that there are tribal casinos all over the country at this point. I don't see the point in making gambling illegal in any state. Is there a place left in the country where you aren't at most a 2 hour drive from being at a black jack table or slot machine? Anyone that wants to gamble doesn't exactly have to work hard to find it.
Overall point remains though. You need to look pretty hard to find areas in the country where you can't easily find a way to gamble. It's not like 30 years ago where you have to plan a trip to Vegas or Atlantic City. Most of our population lives within driving distance of a casino.
Tribal casinos are already all over the place. In the state in question (Texas) there are already 20 casinos sprinkled through out the state and many more small gambling operations that offer things like BINGO and slot machines.
So what exactly does banning gambling accomplish when people already have so many options. How does it benefit the people of Texas to allow a monopoly on gaming to casinos that have all those negatives and don't even pay taxes to help deal with them?