I guess when the lie has a certain intent and purpose, it will keep being used for the same reasons and so we get the same lies again and again.
It is literally the same.. the claims of racism by checking travelers from China, the lack of transparency, the obvious lies like only one person died of covid in china the entire month?
It keeps mutating because it keeps spreading and it mutates and spreads more easily in the unvaxed. In our city we had no covid for 2 years and managed to stamp out covid every time it flared up until anti vaxers/anti maskers set up camp for 3 weeks in our parliament grounds in NZ. They licked and spat on the buttons you push on the pedestrian crossings. They went into shops in groups and crowded around the workers and coughed on them. They pulled masks off teenage schoolgirls and young women and spat and coughed on them. They spat and coughed on police, ambulance crew who came to rescue them when they were sick, and the people walking past. They infected our nurses, doctors and police and they did it on purpose. When the police finally moved in on them they set fire the the children's playground and the tents they had set up as well as throwing rocks, cannisters and large pieces of furniture at the police. They also tried to run a group of police over in a car. Our government spent a huge amount of money trying to keep us safe, vaccinate our population before the worst if it arrived here, educate our children (free laptops for school age kids to learn from home in lockdowns) , mental health lines set up (suicide rates went down) and managed to keep our economy running until these cunts decided to ruin it for our majority. These people, and others in other countries like them, are the ones who are willfully spreading an infectious disease and if you are fucked off that you will have to have covid boosters for the rest of your life blame them. They have done this to us and why should any government try to fight for us and protect us again when cunts like them undo all the public health measures that were put in place to prevent covid spreading and mutating like it is now. We are on our own now thanks to these selfish cunts.