In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The article speculates that is her plan, but polls show her getting crushed in the Democratic primary and a dead heat between the likely Republican and Democratic candidates both with and without her in the race. The current polling indicates that her running as an independent would have a negligible impact on the election.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
That's been kind of obvious. The question is mostly whether she would disrupt the election enough to make the Republican win or if Democrats would mostly ignore her.
How could you be a Democrat and vote for her after what she’s done? She’s done literally the opposite of what she’s campaigned on. Polls have shown she is the most hated person in the Senate. I don’t think she’s going to pull Dem votes as an independent.
You don't need to swing that many Democrats to fuck everything up, and at least a couple of them are going to see her corporate centrism as a good thing.
Lieberman won as the de facto Republican candidate. If the GOP wanted Sinema to win they could get her, but they're unlikely to try anything like that in Arizona when they think they could get a more complete Republican.
The greater point is that he siphoned off a bunch of Democrat votes who would have voted for the Democrat, except that the former Democrat was on the ticket.
I'm aware that there was technically a Republican on the ballot, though he barely campaigned once the state party threw its weight behind Lieberman, and he got something like 10% of the vote.