I choose to be sceptical about the article - considering that this Hungarian news site, unsurprisingly, is hellbent on insulting and criticising Ukraine in every Ukraine-related article that they've posted.
Obviously, I haven't really interacted with Carpathian Ukrainians enough to confidently judge anything - the westernmost region that I've ever lived in is Lviv oblast - but it seems to me that this whole "Hungarians and Romanians in Transcarpathia are being discriminated against" might be a bunch of isolated instances overblown by Hungarian and Romanian governments into some kind of a "big problem".
Your all (you and the other fellow Ukrainians who commented here here down-voted me) attitude left me a very bitter taste. That is, after the initial shock passed. Fool me, I thought Ukrainians are... not like this.
I haven't interacted with any of them, as I live in Romania. But having minorities rights in all European countries seems to be what we should all aim for. I think there is a lot of misinformation in Ukraine - like refugees being astonished that in Romania there are Ukrainian schools.
And last but not least you could read some of my older posts to check my attitude towards russia, comrade.
Ukraine is doing this to revive their own language in their country, I don’t really see the problem in any of this.
The bigger fish to fry right now is the literal Russian genocide of Ukrainian people and culture, but let the Hungarian government cry about this I guess if it makes them feel better.
Why should Kiev force its language on other parts of the country that don't speak Ukrainian? Ukrainian speakers are the majority in Ukraine but the country is not "theirs" to do with it as they please.
Democracy doesn't trump human rights. You can't vote to deprive a minority of their rights. Perhaps Ukraine should learn a thing or two from Morocco since we're not getting buttfucked by our neighbor.
Why should they not? There are still minority language papers, they’ll just have to also have Ukrainian versions of the paper. I don’t think you’re Ukrainian, nor am I, so let’s just let them decide what laws they want to implement. Good thing Ukraine is a democracy and laws can change with new administrations… unlike the Moroccan monarchy where it’s a criminal offense to speak badly of the king… priorities and perspective.
The provision, which entered into force on January 16, is stipulated in article 25 of the law. It requires print media outlets registered in Ukraine to publish in Ukrainian. Publications in other languages must also be accompanied by a Ukrainian version, equivalent in content, volume, and method of printing. Additionally, places of distribution such as newsstands must have at least half their content in Ukrainian.
I'm pro Ukraine, but I don't feel personally threatened by Russia so I'm less biased then most people here. If any other country did this, redditors would be all up in arms, rightfully so, but because it's ukraine doing it to its Russian speaking citizens, then it's OK.
You can still speak or write any language… it’s just if you’re an approved Ukrainian news company you need to translate your articles into Ukrainian - how does that prevent other minority language readers or speakers from consuming those languages in the news?
For one, It makes it more expensive to run publications in other languages. If Kiev were to pay for the translation then it could be argued that is not a human right violation.
Even if they were to do that, this would still be descriminatory imo. Why should Hungarian speakers translate their pubications into Ukrainian when Ukrainian speakers don't have to translate their publications into Hungarian.
And when those laws only make it more expensive for companies belonging to and serving specific ethnic groups but not others, we call that discrimination.
You might do some documenting before being too bold aggressive. Just my advice, but you can ignore it.
I'm not sure whether you are just trolling or have no idea on the matter. Assuming the latter, the answer to your question would be that minorities are the ones that can claim their language isn't represented...
Like the Hungarians living in RO and SK did too. Equal rights for all minorities. Isn't this what we all should aim for? Isn't this what Ukraine should aim if they wannna join EU? And if there is a problem in Hungary, this can be discussed, right?
So if Hungary does not grant the rights it should, to the Ukraninian minority (according to what you say, not me), that makes it right for Ukraine not to grant the rights it should, to the Romanian minority? That is stellar! /s.
I am not the one trolling. I am reporting a news piece. And I have an idea, as I live in the area (Romania).
Wtf are you smoking dude? You just got out of a cave? Who talks about annexations? The topic is about education in own mother tongue - which is pretty much the norm in civilized countries.