In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
People out west always try to ruin the environment and shape the environment to fit their bad lifestyles. It is a desert. Stop trying to pretend it is habitable.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Good, the only pipelines we should be building are ones for fresh drinkable water to be moved across the country. At least when those inevitably leak they won't destroy the local ecosystem and contaminate the land with all the chemicals we see in oil pipelines.
Nope, most of the west is not a desert. Most of it is grassland plains, and has been so for thousands of years. Those grassland plains are also a major breadbasket for not only our nation, but for many others as well. Now the southwest has many areas that are deserts, but there are some health benefits for people to live there. Like people who have asthma or bad allergies to plant pollen have it easier there.
So yes it is habitable, but you are correct that humans have caused a lot of damage to the environment through our lifestyle choices.
That is a terrible idea. It would be a lot better to give people tax credits to move out of such areas, and penalties for moving and living in such areas.
Pretty fertile desert to be the top agricultural producer in the US since probably the 1970s. Lovely skiing for a desert, too.
Most of the west is grassland plains, not desert. The Great Plains as it's called, makes up a third of the US land. Though some areas have been utterly ruined by human actions and can't really be called grassland anymore. Still, with a bit of water and some caring we could make the Great Plains great again!
I know you're talking about "out west" in general, but I doubt you mean Nevada or Arizona. And this article's about West Virginia, anyway.
Honestly I believe that the future will be in desalination for our freshwater needs. And if we set up facilities up and down the coastlines on both sides and build many pipelines crisscrossing the nation we could heavily reduce our reliance on natural sources of water like lakes, rivers and rain fall. And maybe consider filling that giant aquifer under the plains before we see more of the land sinking.
It's just reality that we are sucking way more water than can naturally be replaced. So we either start trying to find a real solution or we start rationing. And I doubt the states will start rationing until it gets really bad.