One of the conditions of the UK giving up Hong Kong was that China promised HK economy and politics would have autonomy for 50 years. They couldn’t even keep that promise for 25 years…. about the same amount of time since Russia promised to maintain independent Ukraine in exchange for Ukraine giving up its nuclear weapons. Moral of the story: don’t trust autocracies since promises often don’t live longer than the leaders who made them.
Russia promised, swore oh so sincerely, that they would respect Ukraine's sovereignty in exchange for Ukraine giving up its nukes.
Here's a hint: when the authoritarians are asking you to do something that would make it easier for them to take over, it's because they plan to take over. Stop believing their promises.
This. And the other thing us westerners need to get through our thick skulls is that they are always seeking to dominate. Always a zero sum game. There is no win win situation when dealing with them. "Win win" should always be be auto-translated to "we'll work with you because we're not strong enough to subjugate you....yet." Isn't it obvious? Look what they do to their own people.
Don't know why you're being downvoted. I think that's true. Or at least, much of the West believed that capitalism and democracy would go hand in hand and bring with them prosperity that would win over the rest of the world, or a lot of it anyway.
I think we can all admit Trump was a bit of an outlier in terms of American Presidents. However, that doesn’t absolve us of blame and it’s on us to make sure it doesn’t happen again.
Ya, that is true. If there is one thing I hate about Trump above all else, it’s how bad he shit on our reputation with other countries. It’s easy to break trust and extremely hard to gain it. We’re trying to make sure that doesn’t happen again.
Very true. However, China did agree to terms, and even if they have no consequences if they don’t to stick to those terms, they should stand by their word. Hong Kong was apart of UK for 150 years but Beijing expects them to totally change their culture and values in 25 years.
I just think it goes against the previous Chinese words and actions. It also suspiciously coincided with Xi taking an unprecedented 3rd term (first since Mao). Xi’s term has also seen the UN recognized genocide of Uyghurs in XinJiang and now the Covid lockdowns and repression of protesters.
I totally understand a nation as powerful as China not wanting to have rules it didn’t write, but I am also weary of their leader who has broken 50 years of precedent and now has a track record of humans rights abuses.
I lived in China for a while and I can tell you local news there in the last 10 years has become way more hostile to foreigners and the amount of free speech allowed has been cut way back. If history has taught us anything, this is never a good sign.
Kind of. Realpolitik assumes nations will always do what’s in their best interest. But it also assumes it will follow its own set of ideological rules. Rules that China has recently changed.
Last time we didn’t have an international, rules based system we had multiple world wars because powerful nations tried to increase their power by force and write the new international order. Like it or not, China has the same say at international institutions as any other country. Yet, they repeatedly say they want to play by their own rules. Which just happens to be bad for every other country besides China.
Xi has consolidated more power and broke a 50 year precedent to take a 3rd term. This coincides with a change of course on five decades of political and economic philosophy.
I just am worried that China is changing before our very eyes to become less like Deng XiaoPing’s vision of China and more like Mao’s vision of China.
This has nothing to do with foreign relations. It has to do with one country, two system (一国两制) between China and Hong Kong. A system China promised to keep.
We’ll see. I really can’t understate how big of a deal Xi getting a 3rd term is though. That never would have been allowed 15 years ago. Also seems to coincide with a dramatic increase in Chinese repression of free speech and political expression.
China has been slowly taking away the freedoms they promised Hong Kong and now it is too dangerous to lead a pro-democracy political party because the Beijing government can arrest them just for speaking. This only happen after Xi JinPing became President….
Just think, you need to use a VPN to be on this website because your government doesn’t want its people to hear different opinions other than what they tell you.
Xi JinPing taking a 3rd term revealed the truth about his opinion about himself and his motivation. He does not want anyone to control the destiny of China except himself. He does not listen to criticism and anyone who disagrees is in danger.
I haven’t lived in China in a few years. Is that the new propaganda message they are telling people to justify Beijing breaking its promise? The reason millions of 香港人protested is because they don’t want to submit to a government that lies to its citizens to control they way they think.
The CCP no longer runs China through committee, it is a dictatorship in all but name like Russia. Sadly, I believe China will also suffer the same fate as Russia because negative effects are inevitable when a country is run by one man.
During the Cultural Revolution and Great Leap Forward, you could literally be executed for speaking good about the Qing Dynasty. But now in the last 15 years, , China uses Qing territorial claims as main justification for ownership over land that hasn’t been theirs in over 100 years and they never actually executed direct control over. It was just in their sphere of influence.
Why did you downvote me without a response? If you disagree, tell me why? That is what society is all about. Debating different ideas.