It's far from over, but I highly doubt it'll be stagnant. First, Ukraine doesn't necessarily need to attack across the Dnipro from Kherson, they could advance along the left bank from Zaporizhzhia until they secure a safe crossing for the Kherson flank. Second, it's the wet months of fall and spring that slow down offensives due to muddy conditions; Hard ground from snow is doable. (Russia's offensives last winter weren't necessarily stalled by the snow; they were stalled by equipment that was not maintained effectively to work in winter, yes... and dogshit logistics... and then General Mud in Spring... and Ukraine's stiff defensives.) And finally, Ukraine is being supplied with effective gear for winter (with the correct maintenance too).
I could see the Ukrainian army becoming much more methodical for the next phase, but I don't see them letting this become stagnant.
It also wouldn't surprise me if they attacked due south from Zaporizhzhia's front lines to bisect the Russian forces and isolate a contingent in Crimea. The Kerch Strait Bridge is looking awfully vulnerable right now.
Underestimating Russia in winter combat has been the downfall of many armies. But I generally agree with you; it seems like in this instance the Russians are just woefully unprepared and unequipped for this war, nevermind fighting this war in the winter.
I’d call it an underestimation if not for the fact that their army is a proven mess in the current conflict. What concerns me is they’ve been fortifying behind the lines with the intent of drawing out the war.
Even though the Russian army is a mess, those defensive lines can certainly make it painful for Ukraine. That’s where I think the real slowdown will come from, unfortunately.
I’m not sure they can afford to let it become stagnant. They really can’t. If they can sweep their power from that region and secure enough area to bring Crimea to its knees. Yeah even if they never can have it. Constant threats and hits from a neighboring country will make it a hard area to make worth being in.