Thanks to your propaganda claim the whole world is now watching it, otherwise it would have been just another documentary on Netflix amongst the millions.
edit: If you talk of mainstream media they are all owned by modi's cornies ofcourse they won't talk about it.
and i can write names of atleast hundreds of big journalist who oppose modi. made Money out of it and they never went to jail.
why you lying sir? you have some agenda to prove that Indian institutions are not Independent? do you have any fact to claim that?
how do you think people become judges in India? they are lawyers registered in Bar council of India with atleast 10 Years of experience . and no it's not government body . it's statutory body formed by act of parliament.
and no Govt doesn't decide who becomes chief justice of India , govt can't even decide who can become even judges of high court. it is selected by collegium totally independent from government. the collegium consists of 5 senior most judges including chief justice. They decides the appointment of judges .
3.) Unlike UK which has parliamentary supremacy and USA which has judicial supremacy. India has constitutional supremacy. that means basic structure of Constitution can't be amended even by parliament .
Article 13 provides provision for judicial review, and any law passed by parliament inconsistent with basic structure of Constitution is NULL and VOID .
now who is in that commitee (1) judge from supreme court (2) judge from high court (3) eminent judge decided by speaker .
4.) Independence of judiciary is a basic bedrock of democracy and Keshavananda bharti judgement is the ultimate evidence of independence of judiciary in India. (if you don't know about this , no point discussing with half baked illiterate).
6.) How judges get paid ,The Salaries, Pension and Allowances of the Supreme Court Judges are charged "upon" the Consolidated Fund of India, whereas the Salaries and Allowances of the High Court Judges are charged "upon" the Consolidated Fund of the States and the Pension is charged "on" the Consolidated Fund of India.
when it comes to Autonomy of Indian judiciary, no country can come up even close. because it's the same judiciary which showed The Dictator Indira Gandhi her place.
because for that you need to get absolute majority in both houses . then it goes to inquiry committee.