Winter in an area that is mountainous while seeing an economic boom in construction past several years but accusations of safety standards being ignored in earthquake resistance. Erdogan is pushing hard to be seen in front of this but it looks bad. He's spent past several years kicking out NGOs so you don't have them on the ground like 99 earthquake. Plus his crackdown on civil society means groups are paralyzed without specific instruction. All of this is a toxic combination to then find a major earthquake aftermath facing you.
The earthquake measured 7.8 on the Richter scale with a 7.3ish aftershock (and numerous smaller ones). Both would be classified as major earthquakes which are expected to lead to the collapse of many buildings. I suspect the issue is what was done in terms of preparedness and emergency response capabilities.
You tend to have to simply update your voter registration information with any new info that would otherwise compromise your ability to vote.
I understand that he's coming up for re-election this year -- the repercussions of this especially if the blame for the circumstances that allowed such shoddy construction to take place could result in him losing power. That, along with the other things mentioned in your comment.
No problem. It's gonna be messy since Erdogan is up for elections in May with elections seen as a real test on his 20 years of rule. Coincidently, this happening in 99 is what led to his predecessors fall politically and his rise. The fact that 20 years plus special taxes to address this does not seem to have worked as one would expect there will be hard questions. If it comes to light that recent buildings have collapsed disproportionately more than older ones that brings up potential accusations of bribery to get projects approved by government. Ugly, Ugly.
Syria will be worse. NGOs and international groups already had pulled out before this even happened. They will be on their own. That plus recent oil subsidy cuts from Iran will just spiral Syria that much more.