In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I think back then the legislature would have quickly implemented the referendum expansion, even if they grumbled about it.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Noem is a climber. She wants to be president someday. She would much rather do stuff popular on NewsMax and Breitbart than popular with her own voters. And she will do whatever she can get away with.
It’s been an astonishing change of state politics in only a few decades. Because, as conservative as South Dakota is, it actually has a very long standing populist democracy culture.
SD routinely has the highest voter turnout of any state. Even for special elections and small-town city council races, you regularly see 80%+ turnout.
I’ve worked medium-sized city council and mayoral elections in other states where you get 8k-10k voters showing up out of 150k eligible. Like, seriously, for a mayoral primary you might get 5% turnout.
So when you see 850 voters show up in a small town mayoral election with 950 registered and maybe 1050 eligible 🤯.
Seriously, SD has turnout numbers that are rediculus. There are countries like Brazil where voting is mandatory (or you get fined) that don’t even have turnout as good as South Dakota.
Which is to say, the people of SD take their right to vote and their right to participate very seriously.
I think that Noem trying to stop Medicaid expansion will be very unpopular. Even some of the cruel minority of people in SD who voted against giving poor people free health care will think Noem is doing the wrong thing by subverting democracy.
And the elected MAGA Republicans running South Dakota do not care about democracy at all. They will let her do what she wants, and the people of SD will suffer.
The Tea Party sweeping seats in 2010 was when I realized how crazy things were. Noem won her seat in Congress without a college degree and warrants out for her arrest.