In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It comes down to ev adoption rates and infrastructure, the nature of batteries and their charging rates.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Cockblock incarnate here has the gall to complain about any delay for anything? Next thing you know, he'll complain about the souffle getting done too late despite ordering it after the main course is finished.
Not too far into the future we will be looking back and say where did all the money go? There won't be electric cars. Solar and wind mills won't carry the load. All that money gone wasted. But we'll still be paying on it.
Evs take half an hour to pre condition their batteries and warm up, then whatever time to charge them. Fast charging rates degrade battery life and with continued use manufacturers will lock out a vehicle owner from higher rates of charging. This leads to increasing congestion around chargers at high traffic areas like gas stations.
States are already losing millions of dollars in lost taxes that go towards infrastructure. They do not increase registration fees for evs to account for lost gas taxes because it would disincentivize ev ownership. Increasing gas taxes increases cost of living on literally everything and disproportionately affects the poor.
In large urban cities parking lots are being converted to apartments and townhomes, cities are increasingly reducing parking minimums for developers, while street parking is being reduced. Residents fight over parking on the street, people who live in apartment complexes and townhomes end up parking their vehicles right out side on the street or in adjacent residential neighborhoods. There is no access to charging their vehicles. So infrastructure would need to be built to charge their vehicles overnight. Every 19ft on every sidewalk in the city, which is not a realistic possibility.
In large cities many single family homes do not have garages and they rent out to multiple tenants where street parking is the only thing available. Stringing out a charging cable across the sidewalk violates city codes. With a low adoption rate this doesnt matter so much, but with a high adoption rate, then the ADA would likely become involved, there would be numerous lawsuits.
You cant run cables across a sidewalk that would limit access, anything that becomes a trip hazard is a violation of the ADA. A city cant write its own code to ignore the ADA. Its a national requirement.
The technology isnt there yet. You cant mindlessly hop in your vehicle and drive to a charging station and plug it in, which is what people are doing...Which is leading to increased charging times over what they would be if they preconditioned their battery and drove it around to warm it up.
The circuits used for Christmas lighting would not be suitable to be used to charge vehicles. There is code that has to be followed. Christmas lighting does not exist on every street with parking. The infrastructure has to be built, you cant just point to Christmas lights and go yes they exist, proof of concept. Or pretend you can splice into that circuit. You have to run power from transformers to underground conduit and install charging stations at every parking spots all throughout the city if you plan on a future with a high adoption rate of battery powered evs. That means tearing up all the sidewalks and streets in the city and re-asphalting them.
Even street lighting is not on every road, and is not going to be every 19ft. The voltages are going to be different depending on the type of lighting.
In order to get those optimal charge times you need to precondition the battery, and get the battery warmed up meaning you need to drive the car around for half an hour before you charge it. If you are already driving around and have the sense to do that that isnt a problem. The issue becomes people getting up and needing to go somewhere and needing to charge their vehicle with limited time on their hands. I know plenty of people with EVs and now this is already a reality. Needing to select where they are going to charge the vehicle in a menu option and it becomes really convoluted.
People who live in the city contribute to gas taxes if they own a vehicle that runs on gasoline or diesel, with higher adoption rates of EVs there is a higher loss of gas taxes going towards infrastructure. Evs do not pay enough in vehicle registrations fees to cover the loss in gas taxes. Again EVs need to have their vehicle registration fees increased significantly to cover the loss.