In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It's so frustrating to hear American citizens aren't given rights because the GOP out loud has stated it will take power from them.
If they had the balls let them, see how repealing Obama care went and see how abortion has bit them in the ass so badly they won't even talk about it when they were campaigning.
The filibuster is the legislative equivalent of that guy that "holds" his boy back before a fight breaks put. Republicans don't actually want to do anything because they know they'd get their asses kicked in response.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
This is good, the house shouldn't have backed away from a fight just because the Senate might so no. It gives them ammo to place the blame rightfully.
It's not been ammo since Pelosi became speaker, she specifically wouldn't push a vote because she knew the Dems would lose but that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Push the issue and ridicule Republicans for voting against bills like cheaper insulin. It's politics after all so embrace it. There are no good faith republicans left. Mitt Romney is an idiot but at least I respect him for have a conscience.
Either make them a state or cut them free. Right now we have a group of people without the right to govern themselves and that's disgusting.
I think Puerto Rico overthrowing its governor a few years back peacefully should have been the catalyst for change. The United States is allegedly founded on freedom for everyone and yet we have an entire nation of people in Puerto Rico we've subjugated and prevent from actually having a voice in the conversation.