If you have to tell your kids to be proud of their country, then it shows they've nothing to be actually proud of.
True patriotism means being proud of your country's achievements, whilst recognising where you can still do better.
Blind patriotism that takes the form of nationalism is a path of superiority complexes and eventual self-destruction. It isn't about boasting your country is the best and better than anyone else.
It's when supremacy, exceptionalism, arrogance and superiority get involved, at the expense of not being able to see the flaws that remain.
I'm sure there's a way to love your country, be welcoming and build a sense of community, without being a jingoistic bootlicker hell bent on xenophobia like ethnonationalists are.
To some being a true American means forcing kids to pledge allegiance daily in schools, be a white Christian, and constantly chant "best country in the world" in spite of the facts. That is nationalistic.
As a canadian kid who attended several american schools I regularly dealt with coercive attempts to force me to pledge allegiance to a country I wasn’t a citizen of. Some high schools made everyone recite it daily and gave a lot of grief to anyone who didn’t participate. I was also expected to sing praises of the nation through their national anthem on a near constant basis.
Instead of it being a melting pot working towards the common benefit of all, which is more a civic pride.
If you have to force kids to sing anthems and have mandatory patriotism lessons in schools, you're failing as a nation imo.
I got yelled at, told to go back to my own country (as children always decide what nation they live in, I guess), and received various in school punishments like detention for not participating.
Well my comment was more about Republicans wanting to make US History strictly about the good of America and nothing bad. I wasn’t necessarily comparing Russia as a country to the US.
Apparently although not mandatory, the Pledge of Allegiance is still a thing (in some parts) in the US. A creepy thing to hear students recite, but there you have it!