In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Multiple studies (including a recent one from ) have consistently found that American law enforcement agencies and departments have connections to the far-right. The very people who organized and executed the Jan. 6th riot. These studies go back .
I came here to say this. If they make a new law enforcement agency, who is vetting the people being hired into it? Or are they just moving in LEO's from other agencies? If all you do is move, or hire in more far-right lunatics, they'll just step aside and let insurrectionists in the capitol just like most of the capitol police did last time.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
At this point, asking American law enforcement to watch the far right is the quintessential case of asking the fox to guard the hen house.
At the risk of sounding like I'm wearing a tinfoil hat, I can easily imagine this kind of institution ultimately being used to police progressive and left wing activists organizing around climate change or police brutality, while continuing to turn a blind eye to the increasingly violent far right.
Repercussions need to happen and people need to lose their jobs at the highest places on down to the lowest LEO to show that trying a coup against the government will destroy your life.
But, we all know that likely won't happen because rich people in this country own the government and they'll never be held accountable.
While this is a decent idea for overall national security threats, I would have thought we already do this via the FBI/DHS, especially in DC. I could be wrong though. What good will security cameras do for a Jan 6 situation? The whole thing was filmed anyway. There have been countless arrests of brainwashed pawns. What we have already seems to be working.
So you really think a new "command center" is going to do anything? We already have the resources. The problem is corrupt leadership and wholly compromised law enforcement agencies on both the federal and local levels. They already knew this was coming. They just chose to do nothing about it.