This incident is terrible, both the original body-stealing and the retaliation - but what really caught my eye was the mention of the “Druze”.
I had vaguely heard of them before, but I didn’t really appreciate they were a completely different religion - not Jewish, Christian or Muslim, but a whole separate religion that grew out of Islam in the Middle Ages. Apparently, it incorporates elements of a whole bunch of other religions and philosophical systems, but the beliefs are generally kept secret; allegedly the group does not accept converts.
As a group persecuted in the other countries they live in, the Druze have very much embraced Israel since the Mandate era; they volunteered for the nascent IDF in the 1948 war and are subject to the draft, whereas Arab citizens of Israel aren't. They also have a disproportionate influence in Israeli politics and the military high command.
While true, this is incomplete - a tenant of the Druze religion is cooperation with whichever secular regime rules the country they are currently living in - Druze living in Israel are loyal to Israel, Druze living in Syria are loyal to Syria, etc. The Druze started the war of 1948 on the Arab side, but quickly saw where the winds were blowing and switched side. This was to protect their communities and religion.
My impression was that “Arab” is an ethnic heritage, based largely on language and ancestry, but that they could be of various religions - generally, Christian or Muslim.
From experience some Druze do consider themselves Arab and some don't. Keep in mind if course that part of Druze culture is being a "patriot" of whatever country you live in. So while in Israel they have very high drafting rates, that doesn't stop the Lebanese Druze from drafting to the Lebanese army at a similarly high rate. In Israel many of the Druze who live in the Haifa region don't consider themselves Arab, but simply as Druze while in the Golan region they mostly do consider themselves Arab, but more specifically, Syrian.