“We know from the analysis of the right outboard flap found on Kojani Island, Tanzania, that this was not an attempted ditching, where the flaps would normally be extended because the expert analysis showed that the flaps were not extended,” the report says.
“The realistic possibility that the landing gear was lowered shows both an active pilot and an attempt to ensure the plane sank as fast as possible after impact.”.
The problem with this analysis is that planes flown by perfectly functioning pilots that were not trying to kill themselves have accidently landed and taken off (almost taken off) with the wrong flap settings. Here's an article about a JetBlue plane attempting to land with the wrong flap setting.
All they have found is evidence that the flaps were not set to what they were supposed to be. They can not conclude why they were set that way.
And also, on a swept wing jet, configuring the wrong flaps is very different than having no flaps at all.
That Jetstar incident (not JetBlue) actually demonstrates the opposite -- that it's very hard to land with substantially the wrong flaps in a modern airliner.
In the above case, the Jetstar was already configured at the 3rd flap position (Flap 2 in Airbus terms) yet they still had very high descent rates that the captain called it out and the FO flying had to take immediate action.
Imagine if they had descended with zero flaps. At the same airspeed (so called "F speed") they'd essentially be a flying brick.
No professional pilot would be in that position and not notice, unless they were nearly incapacitated.
Which means that, in point of fact, not only has Occam's Razor always been worthless, it also happens to now be utterly wrong.
...is bullshit and we should stop using this bad writing trope. Some things in reality are simple. Some are complex. And there is no tendency in reality for one over the other to solve any given problem.
We call that SCIENCE. Philosophy and all of its incarnations eventually got us to the end game...aka the scientific method.
There's no reason to even discuss philosophy anymore outside of its historic context in finally getting us here.
If you've spent any time with a modern philosophy student or professor, then you know it's just neverending mental masturbation and meaningless semantics now.
Simply put, we no longer need to speculate ad hoc about the answers to any problems. We can actually hypothesize and test for the real answers.
Hehe. I meant post as in C.E. or A.D. as in after the development of the scientific method. So, technically speaking it would be "post-development of the scientific method". .
And they shouldn't. Reality, aka the Truth based on facts and supported by evidence, doesn't give a damn whether we personally prefer simplicity over complexity.
In fact, it could be argued that we've solved most of the "simple problems" of the universe already and that the remaining ones are therefore far more likely to be of the more complex variety.
MH370’s final moments have been brought into sharp focus with the discovery of a new piece of debris, giving major clues to the final tragic moments of the Boeing 777 that was lost in 2014 with all 239 aboard.
The piece was discovered in a fisherman’s backyard and was found washed ashore on the Antsiraka Peninsula South Beach in Madagascar in March 2017 after tropical storm Fernando had passed by.
The debris item had barnacles on it when it was found and in total four items of MH370 debris have been found on the same beach. The location was predicted by the University of Western Australia (UWA) oceanographic model.
According to a new report by Richard Godfrey and Blaine Gibson, published today, the piece “is likely the remnant of the left main landing gear trunnion door” and is almost certain to be from MH370.
The significance of the find of the landing trunnion gear door is the damage to BOTH sides of the door which indicates that the landing gear was highly likely to be extended on impact.
Commenting on the new paper, Peter Foley the former ATSB MH370 project manager stated: “This may well be different as it may tell us the position of the landing gear. Very important as it may significantly add to the understanding of what happened at the end.”.
Most but all. I have read much on mh370 and find it hard to believe that it is an accident but until we examine the plane, we cannot make a conclusion.
According to the Godfrey-Gibson report “the level of damage with fractures on all sides and the extreme force of the penetration right through the debris item lead to the conclusion that the end of the flight was in a high-speed dive designed to ensure the aircraft broke up into as many pieces as possible. The crash of MH370 was anything but a soft landing on the ocean.”.
“We know from the analysis of the right outboard flap found on Kojani Island, Tanzania that this was not an attempted ditching, where the flaps would normally be extended because the expert analysis showed that the flaps were not extended. The realistic possibility that the landing gear was lowered shows both an active pilot and an attempt to ensure the plane sank as fast as possible after impact,” the report said.
Godfrey-Gibson adds that “the recovered 370 floating debris speaks to how the plane crashed, and the oceanographic drift analysis speaks to where. Neither can tell us who was flying the aircraft or why.”.