Yeah it's odd huh. All the man did was to go to work, doing a thankless job, probably got paid fuck all for putting food on the market shelf. Fisherman drowns in own net ... still not funny.
We can't all be morbid and serious all the time. If we were sad about everything that deserved it no one would ever be happy. It's ironic. Enjoy the irony.
No I will not belittle this mans death so I can feel "happy". How about you appeal to your better nature and direct your scheufraud towards turds that got what deserved because they actually did something wrong or evil. Instead of someone just going to work to provide for his family. It would cost you nothing to not mock this mans death... Not a fucking thing. Fireman burns to death in fire ... what a fucking gutbuster.
I don't think anyone is happy about the poor man's death on a personal level. Rather, they're joking about the irony of the tables being turned on a butcher by a pig. The man's death is sad; the irony is funny, as is the real-life tragedy's connection to literature.
It's not necessarily about whether it is funny or amusing that this man died; It's just that it's strangely gratifying to see one of the beings we kill by the billions get back at one of us, especially one directly involved in that industry.
We know raising and murdering animals is wrong, even though we love eating the products that come from this murder, so it feels like payback, like it slightly absolves us of being a part of it, like they'd do it back to us if things were reversed.
As the other responder said the irony is about the situation. But hey if you wanna be fruitlessly indignant, angry and sad don't let me stop you. I'm gonna continue enjoying the irony and not letting this weigh on my mind, cuz being sad about it won't make him not dead.
Thank you for correcting my poor spelling. As for the rest of your statement I can only hope people don't publicly take glee and mock your loved ones deaths in the same way.
I'm not angry at all, I'm disappointed in an overwhelming number of these responses. I honestly can't understand how desensitized people are, that they'd publicly belittle this man's death for shits and giggles.
You typed all that out to excuse and dismiss those same responses. Why? Think about it. I must say this thread has exposed just how low the bar is for many people. Coping mechanism... more like pure ignorance and jumping on the groupthink train to me.
Well you're set in your ways. I typed all that out for your benefit. In a thousand arguments or ten thousand, when your mental health degrades to the point where you're pulling your hair out, think about what i said and stop hunting for the negativity.
No, you typed all that out to defend your response to this mans death for nothing more than going to work. Instead you've doubled down on that poor initial response. Pretty sure it's not me doing the moral or mental gymnastics here.
It's not about the man at all. It's about the idea of a butcher losing to a pig, which would be funny in a fiction story. Notice how no one is using the man's name. If it were made real it wouldn't be fun or funny. It's only funny because they're putting the man out of mind and focusing just on the idea of the butcher vs pig, and turning it into fiction. No one has personal intent about it, they're just focusing on the one idea and distancing it from an ugly reality. Cuz if we dig into then we have to think about the safety practices in china, the slave labor used to produce our goods, the pollution poisoning their population, the freedoms their entire country will probably never have, and yes the man's death and his family. People have enough sad in their lives without actively hunting for it. So creating a fiction and focusing on that is a coping mechanism.