In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The best counter-offense to this would be for Biden and the Senate Democrats to publicly declare that they will never nominate or vote for a Federalist Society affiliated candidate ever again.
If budding young lawyers know that their aspirations to become judges could be heavily delayed or derailed by their association with this corrupt group, they will think twice about joining it or accepting its money.
Their goal isn't to control the judiciary. It's to use the judiciary to control the rest of us and make it impossible for average citizens to positively affect society.
You're forgetting a bunch of Trump's Federalist Society judges got votes from Democrats, not to mention Amy fucking Comey Barret.
Right now young conservative lawyers have nothing to lose and everything to gain by joining the Federalist Society. They know they'll get fast tracked by Republicans, and won't get penalized by Democrats.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
This won't work. President Biden or the Democrats will never going to nominate a Federalist Society judge. But when there's the next Republican president, if he/she has 50 Republicans in the Senate, they'll ram Federalist Society judges through like it's an assembly line since Moscow Mitch killed the filibuster for SCOTUS nominees.
Banning Democrats from voting for federalist society candidates should be just one card in the deck of a much larger strategy.
How did conservatives destroy ACORN? How did conservatives tar Planned Parenthood? Right-wing leaders and media turned them into culture war rallying cries in the minds of the wider public.
Progressive and Democratic leaders should have already been doing this by publicizing and attacking the Federalist Society for its central role in overturning Roe, yet they haven’t, which is a huge fail in messaging.
Most of the public still have no idea what the federalist society is or what it did in stripping their freedoms away, yet they can wax on endlessly about Hunter Biden’s laptop.
The federalist society continues hiding in the shadows. It’s time to shine the fucking floodlights on them.