In the past 36 hours or so Ukraine has made significant progress in the Kreminna direction, and now the Russians are claiming (unconfirmed, mind you) that Ukraine is directly assaulting the city itself.
Extremely unlikely that Ukraine is making direct assaults against Kreminna. It would go against the trend of offensive Ukrainian operations that avoid assaulting fortified cities.
Also the fact that Russians are making those claims does not in anyway give credibility to them. In fact, i'd be even more skeptical of them because it's coming from the Russians. What is more likely happening is that Ukrainians have managed creep towards the edge of the town in the forest, and may be probing the defenses of Kreminna, but those "attacks" are unlikely to have intention of starting a fight inside the town itself.
Also they've been doing thunder runs as a way to keep the Russians off balance but we've seen the mobkis just mass retreat after a few runs before, like around Kharkiv.
In particular, Ukraine MFA draws attention to the fact that the UN Charter does not contain the words "Russian Federation." The country did not complete the procedures for acquiring membership as, for example, the Czech Republic and Slovakia did after Czechoslovakia had collapsed.
"Therefore, the Russian Federation has never gone through the legal procedure to be admitted to membership and therefore illegally occupies the seat of the USSR in the UN Security Council. From a legal and political point of view, there can be only one conclusion: Russia is an usurper of the Soviet Union's seat in the UN Security Council," the Ministry of Foreign Affairs notes.
Official RU announcement says a drone was shot by anti-aircraft defenses "causing it to change direction and hit a building where pilots were waiting", killing three and wounding several more.
"The enemy continues to suffer losses. For example, in the city of Starobil's'k, Luhansk region, in the military hospital equipped by the occupiers, about 50 seriously wounded enemy servicemen have recently been delivered.".
What does Lesya Ukrainka have to do with Nazism? She was a writer, a feminist. It would be better if they read her poems and works instead of "Sputnik" or "Russia Today" which opened there recently.
Yesterday the warriors of the 108th Mountain Assault Brigade of ZSU carried out the assault on the Russian positions. Many invaders killed, 10 were captured.