In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The GOP don't want things to pass or the government to work thiugh, snd with a Democratic white house, they'd love to break the government further from the House and blame it on Biden.
Looking a lot like 220/215, 221/214, or 222/213 in favor of the GOP. Way less than they were expecting to win and all outcomes are going to cause them difficulty in their legislative efforts.
Kind of amazing the Dems got so much accomplished with such a thin house majority because they were all elected to accomplish something.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
GOP -not so much. Probably still find some unity with obstruction and performative bullshit, but that’s about it.
Sure. It means they won't be able to muster the votes to pass performative legislation, such as the Obamacare repeal you mentioned. It means no Biden impeachments. It means no debt ceiling hostage crisis. It means no nationwide ban on abortion.
Can but probably won't. Even the most important votes tend to have one or two members absent. Republicans will need to have a the majority of members present in addition to unanimity to pass their performative crap. In many cases, it might not be worth the hassle.
The same goes for committee meetings. They may only have a one seat majority on each committee, so if a member is missing, they just won't meet at all. Scheduling those meetings will be a nightmare.
In short, Dems won't get good legislation passed, but they'll get the bare minimum legislation to keep the country running passed without as many GOP political spectacles.
Even if they run investigations through standing committees, the same scheduling nightmare would apply.
There's a slim possibility that some moderate GOP members vote with the Dems for a moderate GOP speaker instead of McCarthy, but that's wishful thinking as well.
That's unlikely to happen. See . The GOP Speaker won't allow legislation to be voted on without a majority of the GOP supporting it.
With much consternation, it'll likely be McCarthy. MTG is promoting him from the MAGA side and Bacon (among others) is promoting him from the "moderate" side. Andy Biggs is challenging him in the GOP caucus leadership vote, but once McCarthy wins that, the entire House (Dems included) votes for Speaker. Biggs will likely fall in line and vote for McCarthy.
Promised but may not be able to deliver. IF they can muster the 218 votes to create a select committee for one of these performative investigations (which I doubt they could), the committee will only have a GOP majority of one member. If any member can't make the meeting, they'll have to call it off or postpone it. It'll be a scheduling nightmare.
In an ideal scenario, Biggs and Gaetz and the other whackjobs refuse to vote for McCarthy in the whole House vote and he fails to achieve a majority. The Dems work with Bacon and Valadao and Newhouse other "moderates" to elect a "moderate" GOP leader. This isn't very likely, but it's fodder for the pundits.