What problems are you thinking of, and how are they caused by "the rich"? Seems an overbroad category.
If you want to argue taxes are too low, sure, though at least in the USA %20in%20the%20united%20states%20than%20the%20oecd%20average.).
Well they hoard wealth and evade taxes. Considering how much shit we need to fix in this world, it would be nice if we had a little more money that we could draw from to help solve them. Instead they hoard billions that they could never spend in 6 lifetimes.
Basically no wealthy person keeps a vault full of money. When you have money you invest it, usually funding startups or already successful businesses so they can hire more, make more stuff, whatever.
I’d love to see somewhat higher taxes all around in the USA in exchange for more services, but that’s a losing battle.
Perhaps Switzerland is different, but either way this article is talking about investments, and we already know wealth taxes are a bad idea (capital is mobile, and hard to calculate at times, so difficult to enforce) so I think that’s a bit of a digression.
I think you're seriously underestimating the annual budgets of even small countries. Even Liechtenstein or Syria are spending a billion bucks a year - well above the vast majority of the rich.
They hoard it and spend all their effort hiding it. No one needs to have a personal net worth of billions of dollars. No one person should have the wealth of nations. It's just being a modern day royalty.
I agree taxes should be enforced better. I think the USA is very good about that, relatively, though I'm no expert. Things like FATCA/etc are pretty reasonable requests imo. It's odd other countries don't have something similar.
So it is telling at where we are now. Because stuff like this is sometimes only written in hindsight. I would call this important news.
Depends on how familiar you are with 2008-2009 but it had a huge impact on everything. Honestly I don't think we've hit the bottom of this cycle yet so it's very important to be aware of the situation.
Rich people put their money in stocks generally (and other investments, but those are less liquid so you can’t track it as easily to report on).