It’s illegal to protest as it is, preventing union strikes would just push us back to how it was in the 60s, with entire industries refusing to work full stop, en masse, without warning.
Sunak I’d love to see you try and organise the military to replace the entire countries industry within 24 hours, because that’s all it would take to cost trillions to the economy.
Before anyone doesn't read the article: police and prison officers are already not able to strike because, let's face it, it would be an absolute disaster having no law enforcement for x days. There were 3 options suggested: one of which was to add border force to the policing / prison services group and have them not able to strike, or set minimal service levels for them. Minimal service levels was chosen and is what was put in place this week for all the sectors: ensuring minimal service and safety levels are adhered to through stikes.
2010 - Labour ran out of goodwill and the 2008 recession obviously hurt a lot even if it wasn't their fault.
Why do people in England keep voting conservative again? At this point I just want to hurry independence along because I don’t want rights being eroded by conservative governments.
2015 - SNP gutted Labour in Scotland, causing them to underperform, and Miliband was generally uninspiring.
2019 - wishy washy Labour stance on Brexit and the general unpopularity of Corbyn among all demographics except students.
It's a tough one though to call with that since starmer said he'd never agree to any deal or have talks with the snp and would rather have a minority Westminster government. Which is kinda a bit derogatory when they're elected mps and he's trying to get support back there. So the predictions are on shaky ground.
It's predicted to be some very strange results. In Scotland, Labour are predicted to get back some seats: older snp voters being more against the gender recognition act are switching to labour, while people who voted tory are supposed to be moving to snp. So tory loses seats, snp stays even, Labour gains (I think it's estimated 6 seats).
And London is likely to largely return labour mps, while the northern brexit voters will likely still vote tory.