It is crazy to think that none of this had to happen. There was absolutely no reason other than to appease one man’s ego. The world as a whole had so much to deal with already, including a pandemic, and a spoiled dictator who wants for nothing decided he had had enough peace and started a whole war that didn’t need to happen. Now, whole bloodlines are decimated, billions upon billions of damages are done that will take decades to undo, millions of people are traumatized, and we have no idea when we will see the end of this war.
I get propaganda is necessary for morale but I wish there was non biased discussion forum about this war without getting called a Russian shill.
Russia has a new general. Hes much more competent than the previous one and hes more defensive minded and his plan seems to be to drag this into a long one. This war needs to end soon for Ukraine to have a stable future(Thats why U.S was/is publicly urging for Ukraine to broker a peace with the invaders) but the longer this drags on the better it is for Russia for numerous reasons.
Russia severely miscalculated by sending lots of BTG’s which are meant to be smaller self-sufficient units to blitz through the capital. They assumed Ukraine would fold, but clearly they didn’t. We are watching a slow transition into a war of attrition, which unfortunately for Ukraine, Russia is probably the best in the world at this if we look at their recent wars.
Syria and the second Chechen war are examples of Russian wars of attrition in modern time. In both these conflicts the enemy had collaborators within to help Russians win. What they lack right now is a significant 5th column in Ukrainian upper command. The people Russia paid off to be collaborators in the government have been either snuffed out or ran away. But If UA armed forces fracture this will be the biggest win for Russia because they could come to an agreement with one side and eliminate the other. Thus Legitimizing the win and winning over the population by saying “see it was Ukrainians who ousted their illegitimate leader”.
An off-handed comment by General Mark Milley (who has consistently overestimated Russia, saying at the start of the invasion that Kyiv would fall in a few weeks), does not qualify as "according to US intelligence". US intelligence has never claimed that Ukraine and Russia are suffering 1:1 casualties, because they're not. Even Milley himself didn't mean that as any kind of serious analysis, hence the "probably".
Yes but hes still a general, his estimates should hold some weight, but the Europeans seem to have roughly the same estimates(European Commission President), they also got in hot water.
My take is, Russia killed a lot of UA early in the war before the funding and then UA with drones and actual gear and attrition decimated the Russian army. Which is very impressive because everyone thought russia would just roll them over.
The original version of Ursula von der Leyen's address quoted "external sources" and no one at the EU has been able to confirm the "100,000 UAF killed" figure. This "external source" was very likely Milley's quote. Which is why it was so irresponsible of him to make it, even though he certainly didn't intended for it to be used that way.
I get that, I literally posted the source of your comment to the comment you replied to, what im saying is whats more likely? both the American general and the EU commish saying the same thing and back tracking or believing that there's some truth to what they said originally?
It could also be that they both really did mess up and the numbers are false, hence "take that info how you will" Its completely up to your interpretation, everything public around this war is a psyops anyway, but I tend to lean that its closer to 100k because the chances that they both had the same estimates is pretty wild.
"Dana Spinant, deputy chief spokeswoman and Director for Political Communication for the European Commission, soon clarified on Twitter that the 100,000 figure was meant as a rough estimate of total Ukrainian military casualties, including both dead and wounded. ".
They didn't both arrive at the same estimate. Neither Milley nor the European Commission gave an "estimate". An estimate is based on some kind of methodology that can itself be reviewed. Milley was speaking off the cuff and someone at the EC likely quoted him when they shouldn't have. I'm not sure how to make this any simpler for you.
I'm not sure how you are completely fine with this scenario, you said: "Milley was speaking off the cuff and someone at the EC likely quoted him when they shouldn't have." Thats an assumption you made right, its realistic but absolutely refuse to consider the other side of the coin that he maybe fucking misspoke and released sensitive info by mistake which is just as likely? Absurd density from you.
The EC didn't come up with an estimate, they took (what they thought was) one from somewhere else, probably Milley.