In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Slighty different tech but the local wastewater treatment plant I worked at had one whole building using PLC5 version of Rockwell software(designed in the 80s). Anytime it went down, it was a massive issue getting a replacement part. Also there were 30+ years of improvements done on the equipment, without any documentation. I don't work there anymore but still talk to my old co-workers. Apparently they are doing upgrades and its becoming a huge issue.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
This is an issue with a LOT of companies. I used to work for a Fortune 50 company that had incredibly dated internal software and didn’t seem interested at all in changing things no matter how much IT pressed it. We’re talking hundreds of billions in valuation with a decades old system where you can’t even change basic settings without risking the whole thing crashing. But hey the boss got an 8 figure bonus every year 😬.
I know a guy who wanted to be an IT guy at his country's national bank. He was obsessed with getting the latest certs, anticipating that they may be running on cutting edge tech that he is not familiar. He got the job aaaand same thing as you said, hundreds of billions runs through there...on 25 year old systems.
Eh there’s a lot of indication that this is their fuckup and not weather. The fact that only SW is seeing these rates of cancellation and there are multiple internal and union sources citing scheduling and software issues the DoT could absolutely build a case. If they end up being unable to force refunds for some reason then they can calculate the cost of those refunds and add that amount on top of any penalties to incentivize them.