Someone more knowledgeable please correct me here if I’m wrong, but this article seems like a rehash of old news without any new information or analysis.
Because defeat implies loss of territory which is absolutely not the case. Victory conditions are not purely based on casualties but also on territory, supply lines, diffusion of forces etc.
By those metrics the defender, Ukraine, is winning. Only a russian propagandist would say Ukraine is losing.
Lyman fell in early October. There is an ongoing offensive to capture the next major town to the east Kreminna, but it’s been slow moving due to Russian reserves pulled into the area and deteriorating weather and mud.
As far as I can tell, it is talking about an after-action analysis and the new information it has brought to light, namely how many losses this one particular recon unit has sustained.
Like.. yes these events took place a while ago now, but war being a huge mess it can often be hard to tell what just happened, and it can take a while to do all the investigation and piece the whole story together.
No one has that information except maybe the Kremlin (and given the way they are running the war I doubt even they have a clear picture), unless it is pieced together bit by bit by researchers and analysts. Even in wars that are 50 years in the past, people are still unearthing new data about this or that aspect of the war that was previously unknown.
I am not talking about news. The key parts of this article are not, "a battle took place on such and such a day," that is not the point. I'm talking about detailed analysis of enemy losses, and putting together a picture of what exact units were where, and at what time.
Like... this happens in all kinds of militaries around the world. Sometimes someone in strategic command makes a call about what a unit should be sent to do, that turns out to be a huge mismatch. The USA lost a bunch of their Special Forces a while back when they were given a task more suited to a regular infantry unit. Lacking the necessary combat support for a fixed engagement, the Special Forces people got crushed. It wasn't that they sucked, they were just fighting the wrong fight.
We've seen several cases of stuff like that happening in the Ukraine war too. Early on, Russia sent some kind of elite commando unit to take the airport in Kyiv. By all accounts they did the commando part of their mission well. But same thing as the USA... such a unit is not intended for protracted defensive combat in a fixed position. They might have been super stealthy, elite high mobility warriors or whatever, but when Ukraine knew they were coming, knew exactly where they were, and pinned them down... and there was no further support coming from Russia... that's not the commandos' wheelhouse, to say the very least.
Similarly there was some fearsome Russian special unit dedicated to infiltration and night operations or whatever... no doubt a bunch of elite dudes with the best training the universe has ever seen or whatever, but they were all killed when Ukrainian military intelligence found out which train they were on and blew the whole train up. Before they ever got close to the combat zone.
You can think of it like a game of "rock, paper, scissors." It's tempting to think about how good old rock always wins, can't beat rock... and then the other person hits you with paper.
There’s a big difference between top tier units and VDV, whose reputation seems to overshadow their abilities. I’m surprised they were tasked with such a critical objective. Even special units like GRU has are filled out by conscripts. I wonder to what extent fully professional units like Alpha have participated in operations, but they are more counter terror than direct action.
In any case, there’s probably not many Ukrainian units who would want to take on some of the vets from ops like Mariupol, Severodonetsk, units that did most of the fighting on right bank in Kherson. A lot of combat experience there, urban and otherwise.
Although of course all those units are severely degraded and likely part of ad hoc formations instead of battalion tactical groups like how they started, as recently reported by ISW.
There have been several waves of large missile strikes, with some of the deadliest still causing less than 100 casualties, so you’ll need to provide a source. Maybe you’ve confused missiles with artillery.