I live in China, my best guess is that the party has thought “quick, everyone went home over Chinese New Year for the first time in three years and started comparing notes about how fucking stupid our zero Covid policy was now that grandma is dead anyway since restrictions lifted 2 months ago - and no one has any money because the economy died too - let’s distract them by showing how we aren’t inept because our military is progressing!”.
The alternative was a President who had just tried to provoke a war by assassinating an Iranian general, and we got lucky Iran didn't retaliate. So this isn't quite the dunk you thought it was if you intended it to be that way. I'm sure you're aware that the war in Iraq was popular at the time though and that people's opinions can change over time and with access to new information so I'm sure you weren't trying to dunk.
In the unlikely event one or the other wanted to attack the other, you would have to figure something like a false flag would be on the cards.
That wouldn't work in the US. We have access to way too much information for that shit to fly with the smarter half of the country. It might work in China, considering what I've heard about censorship over there but I haven't lived there so I can't really speak to that.
Yeah, that's what I've heard. But, like I said, I haven't lived there, nor have I studied it in any meaningful capacity, so I don't want to speak like I'm some authority on the topic.
The point here is that the US is nothing like Russia when it comes to access to information. The Russian gov't has blocked virtually everything that isn't Russian media. It might work on the older folks who don't fucking know how to use the internet but they're not the ones who fight wars. Not to mention, because of all the bullshit the US gov't started before people had access to this information, younger Americans are so anti-war at this point that virtually nothing aside from nukes dropping would get a majority of them on board with going to war with China. We've been in pointless, bullshit wars their entire lives; I sincerely doubt they'll be rushing to pick up rifles over some shady shit that they'll certainly see the opposite side of on the internet.
Regardless of my age, that's completely irrelevant. Those things happened long before every citizen started carrying around a super computer in their pocket and gained access to hundreds of times as much information as they had previously.
Yeah, I definitely get what you're saying but I also think people tend to be a little more gullible when there aren't any stakes. It's super easy to sit at home on the computer and shit on China for things their government is doing but I guarantee a whole lot of people would get real interested in international affairs as soon as there's the possibility that it could affect them or somebody they know. I definitely acknowledge that there are plenty of dumb people here, obviously; my original comment said "the smarter half of the population", hahaha. I would just like to believe with all the info we have access to that a big enough proportion of the population would be against it that it's extremely unlikely.