While I agree, we also shouldn't praise people for basic human decency. It's outrageous that other religious leaders, from Pope Francis to the Dalai Lama, are officially anti-LGBT. We should hold them to a higher standard.
I get where you're coming from. Is it the same though? A religious leader has the power to set the agenda, but Iranians protesting are doing so against the incumbent power, no?
Generally, this is the case only with cults. In more broadly established religions, even the highest authorities have to balance the desire for reform with the potential for schisms or followers outright leaving the religion if they don't agree with the change.
Sure, on paper they can say "we believe in this now", but it's another task entirely to do that while convincing everyone who disagrees to not just set up their own denomination which maintains the status quo.
Someone mentioned the Anglican Communion; I've spoken with anglican priests who are vehemently pro-LGBT and known of some who were even openly gay. They often express frustration that there's a very broad consensus for change to recognise LGBT equality even at the top level, but because of the inherent power dynamics of religions, the bar for change is extremely high.
Now my opinion doesn’t cover my thoughts on religion, unfair rules, protest etc so I won’t elaborate. Id just like to understand whether we disagree on the above point of praise for the leader. I’d really like to hear more about what you think about that so I can understand your perspective better.
I appreciate your response and I agree with all your points. But my question was is there a difference in the level of power that a religious leader has vs a person protesting against a religious-based law as in in Iran.
Let’s take religion out of it. Is there a difference between a citizen of a nation protesting a law vs an elected representative who has more direct influence in setting these laws?
IMHO I think there is a difference. The religious leader or representative has more power. Therefore there’s a higher bar for praise, ie the leader doesn’t merit as much praise for simple “catching up”.