Ukraine needs to capture melitipol to really break down any logistical opportunity Russia may have on Crimea, after the kerch strait bridge was targeted and damaged the peninsula is becoming more difficult for Russia to supply. Taking melitipol would really only leave the kerch strait or naval routes for resupply which seems potentially costly.
The closer Ukraine gets to Crimea though the more worried I'd be for putin to do something crazy, it seems very unlikely he survives to see Russian soldiers retreating from Crimea if an assault on Crimea ever did happen.
Granted, everyone knows that’s what is the biggest strategic target remaining. It will take some deception with a feint elsewhere first for Ukraine. Crimea itself would be one.
Putin survives even if China alongside Japan decided to gobble some Russian territories, Czech Republic grabbed Kaliningrad and Ukraine seized Belgorod.
For the biggest part - Russia's goals and red lines are all written in sand. "Denazification" can mean litrally anything after all. And government has total control over media. It has already gone from "we will destroy this shit excuse of a country in 3 days" to "don't expect fast victory, we are facing second strongest army in Europe" to "Ukrainians are using US supplied biolabs to turn themselves into horrifying monsters without any shred of humanity left" to "We are facing combined power of the entire NATO, that counteroffensive included entire platoons of Polish snipers and western mercenaries, there's USA soldier in every division".
Ukraine blocked off water to Crimea as soon as Russia occupied it back in 2014, and it remained that way until March 2022 when the Russian's got control over the Dnieper river. They would block access to water because Crimea does get a lot of its drinking water from the Dnieper, it's more pressure, but this is something that Russia has dealt with in the past.
It can at any point claim their goals have been reached and that all Nazis have been dealt with. Nobody cares about "reality" in Russia. The ones that understand the situation will sit quiet not wanting to meet Mister Window, the ones that don't (and there's a LOT of them) will just accept whatever outcome there is.
You forgot satanists, at some points ruzis were fighting against literal spawns of hell and priests had to bless their missiles for them to have any effect.
I think it wasn't spawns of hell actually. Not exactly. From Russian articles I have read it was this:
In other words - Russians are currently facing Chaos Space Marines. Honestly this sounds pretty damn horrifying and I am not sure if it boosts morale at all.
I would say it's the other way around. Potentially go as far as partially ignoring remaining territories (since they are not really that important to Russia) and focus on Crimea. For several reasons:
4. Bye bye nearest port of Black Sea Fleet, next possible one is 150km from the bridge aka in theory in range of longer range missiles if US provides any. You can effectively disable Russian entire fleet at that point.
Seize Crimea (or at the very least be in a situation when you CAN mount an offensive there) and you might just get real peace talks.
Thing is, while ethnic Russians are a majority in crimea, Russia as usual, has mismanaged it since it’s illegal takeover. Resorts have lost tons money because it’s banned for most if not all Western Europeans and many will not go there simply in protest. Russia has simply turned the peninsula into a glorified military base.
It was in better shape under Ukrainian control. Russia does not know how to manage a territory. It is dysfunctional on multiple axes.