In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Reagan was the real turning point in the rightward shift of the GOP, he purposely extended the Cold War, he was involved in numerous scandals, and vetoed sanctions against apartheid South Africa despite overwhelming bipartisan support. The biggest difference between him and today's Republicans is he was an actor and didn't say the quiet parts out loud. He wasn't Trump but he'd have no problems fitting in with today's GOP just like the rest of the political chameleons who pretend to be moderates when it suits them.
And it is worth noting that Eisenhower lost the Southern vote, which has been a rarity among Republican presidential candidates ever since (only happening again in the 1962 and 1976 elections).
Ronald Reagan was a racist who told Nixon he didn’t like the UN because, in his words, the African delegates seemed like monkeys who didn’t know how to wear shoes. He began his campaign with a states rights speech at the site of a famous lynching. He ended school desegregation (with the support of blue dog democrats such as Senator Joe Bide). And while he may have offered amnesty he began the more modern conservative approach to the southern border aiming to deport migrant workers. Also Iran contra. Also all the other things he did in Latin America. Also the War on Drugs. He welcomed dictators to the White House and supported them all over the world.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I don’t think being anti soviet is comparable with being anti Russian. It is closer to being anti Chinese today. I see this come up a bunch some times and it ignores that the Soviet government collapsed and no longer exists. The closest to a successor state, Russia, has always had pretty far right alignments so of course republicans are more aligned to it.
Reagan would’ve been fine in the modern Republican Party. He would’ve just adjusted just political beliefs to fit the times, he was an actor after all. He would’ve loved Donald Trump and would’ve had us sending weapons to Putin officially or unofficially.
The late Soviet Union did things like bringing Black Activists and Bible Singers to their country to highlight inequality in America which just isn’t something Russia does. Russia does things like make statements in support of homophobia and transphobia. Obviously this doesn’t say anything conclusively about either nation but it gives you a sense of the political alignments.
Also you are right, while Reagan was trying to firm up his legacy he did do some last minute changes. But he also claimed he was no longer mentally capable in a criminal trial related to Iran Contra so eh.
I get what people mean when they say Reagan would be seen as a lib today. They mean republicans are getting more extreme. But the point misses that Reagan’s beliefs were moving as well with the time. Like Trump he would just move to the right along with the base. And then the reason that’s worth arguing is because the modern far right exhilaration is due to a lot that happened under Reagan so trying to return to that is self defeating. We shouldn’t be doing “make America great again” but for republicans.
While I'll gladly support whoever is most likely to beat the Republicans, I'd much prefer a more liberal president.
Just because "national existential crisis"-level circumstances are forcing my hand doesn't prohibit me from wanting better.