The has confirmed that Russian and Russian-backed forces have committed grave and widespread war crimes in Ukraine.
The Commission found mass graves, with corpses showing “visible signs of executions on bodies, such as hands tied behind backs, gunshot wounds to the head, and slit throats”. It also attested to indiscriminate use of artillery and explosives by Russian forces “without distinguishing between civilians and combatants in populated areas”.
“Children have become the victims of the full spectrum of violations investigated by the Commission, including indiscriminate attacks, torture, and rape”.
With the truth of these war crimes now a matter of public record, is there any prospect that the perpetrators will be brought to justice?
Russia – along with China, France, the United Kingdom, and the United States – is able to wield a permanent veto at the UN Security Council to thwart any resolution it wishes. In addition, Russia – as with China and the United States – is not a signatory to the International Criminal Court, and denies the court’s jurisdiction over its citizens.
We welcome Mark Goldberg (u/Global_Dispatches) in a live-audio Reddit Talk, to discuss what realistic options exist for the international community to give justice to the victims of war crimes in Ukraine.
Mark is Editor-in-Chief of UN Dispatch and host of the . In 2011, he co-founded the social enterprise DAWNS Digest. He has been named one of Foreign Policy magazine's Top 100 “Twitterati” for three consecutive years.
His work has been featured in the New York Times, The Guardian, The American Prospect, Foreign Policy, The Globe and Mail, The Los Angeles Times, Newsweek, The New Republic, USAID Frontlines, and The Daily Beast. He is a regular on-air guest for Al Jazeera English, National Public Radio, the BBC, and HuffPo Live.
will moderate the written discussion thread, and will put a representative cross-section of questions and comments to Mark. Alex leads some of Reddit’s largest communities, including r/WorldNews, r/News, r/Politics, and r/Geopolitics. His handle at Reddit is u/dieyoufool3.
will support the Talk. He leads a range of Reddit communities, including r/WorldNews, r/AskLatinAmerica, r/Brazil, and r/Europe. He tweets at .
I was hit by russian artillery while fighting in Ukraine. I'm excited to see what they have to say about prosecuting russia/russian soldiers for the animals they are. Their actions are abysmal and what you're hearing on the news is true but you need to multiply it by about a thousand.
We in iran are going through terrific time experiencing extreme violence in every possible way (straight shooting, execution, sexual harassment and rape, forced confession, imprisonment and...) and we need to spread our voice to the world and I'm pretty sure that something like this talk can help us enormously to inform people about the situation here. We would appreciate any opportunity like this.
I, , will moderate the conversation. Outside Reddit, I serve as Ambassador-at-Large for the Global Organization of Parliamentarians Against Corruption, and as a Senior Fellow at the University of Toronto’s Munk School of Global Affairs. At Reddit, I lead the r/Equestrian community. I tweet at and I am on Instagram at .