In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
For some it’s that there is a real possibility that they could be held accountable for their actions at some point in the future.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
As a government employee I can tell you why. Previously the deal was that government jobs paid less than private sector jobs but you got better job security and a good pension.
Both those perks aren't nearly what they used to be. Government agencies aren't shy about laying people off anymore and pension "reform" has gutted public sector pensions. So now the deal is work for less money with benefits that aren't really much better than those offered by private sector employers.
I work for a county and yeah pay ain't great that's for sure, but I get by just fine for my lifestyle personally. Luckily our benefits are incredible still though, and there isn't really a chance of those going away. A bunch of holidays, time off, and the health insurance is by far the best plan I've seen out of any of my friends or family. Low stress job is also great. It certainly ain't for everyone, but I'm happy I left the private sector for it.
Some of my friends at the local DA office feel just like that. Fortunately, across the street at the public defender office we're a bit more chill. We do get called all sorts of names by some of the people we're trying to help though (fortunately not all of them).
That was the quid pro quo. Not any more. New hires get far lower benefits. I'm in my agency's tier 4 pension. When I retire my pension will be about 40% less than old timers who retire(d) with tier 1 or 2 pensions. If inflation continues I'm fucked since my pension has no cost of living increases like the old ones did.
90% Republicans fault. However, we have some local liberal politicians who seem to think people should work public service jobs like being a child protective services social worker out of the goodness of their heart.
Peace Officer pay varies across the country more than truck driver pay. In California, outside the Bay Area and LA area, the pay would be comparable. In places like Oklahoma which the article referenced truck driving often pays more.
Deputies leave our county for all sorts of reasons. Our turnover approaches 100% per year (of course not everyone leaves but some slots got through three or four deputies every year).
Also, California gutted public pensions in 2013. I got hired as a regular government employee, after seven years as a government contractor, in 2014 so my pension sucks.
As I said earlier pensions were severely cut back in 2013. It's also very clear that new officers get 77K.
Got home and looked it up. Sacramento police recruits start at 44K. This is increased to 77K when they finish their initial training and are officially sworn in.
Also, no way officers start at over 100K. Sacramento deputy district attorneys start at just over 100k.
That's exactly what's happened in California. My agency advertises attorney positions regularly. You have to be admitted to practice in California to apply. One recruitment last year we had only 4 applicants.
Google it. The number of single-earner prime working age households is at an all time high. This includes a lot more than just single mothers. There are lots of never married singles and divorced folks without kids living alone.
Most of the jobs at the agency were I work require law degrees for the simple reason that going to court is a fundamental part of the job.
Public agencies hiring can be slow. Most of that is because of all the accountability checks and balances the public has demanded be implemented over the years (not a bad thing BTW).
When I worked for corporate American I had to pee in cups. I now work for a medium size county and never had to test.