In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Then he filled slots on Fox news in the 2010s and substituted whenever Hannity or O'Reilly were out sick, before taking over the O'Reilly Factor permanently when Bill out ousted for yet another sexual harassment lawsuit.
He goes in and makes concerned faces at a camera and lies his ass off for a few hours, then gets on with strangling kittens for fun or whatever the hell he does outside of work.
What gets me about this guy the most is the fact that he doesn't believe a single thing he says. Not only that, but he was worth 90 million the day he was born and never had to work a day in his life.
That means he's doing this for fun. This is all voluntary. Think about that life. He wakes up, goes to a job that he gets paid 35 million dollars a year for that he doesn't need. That just piles on to his current net worth which is creeping up to half a billion at this point.
I mean, yeah in a basic sense. But most of us need to volunteer to work hard in school and drag ourselves to jobs we probably don't much care for on average. If we don't we're also volunteering to be homeless and have nothing to eat. Ole' TuckityTuck there already had all that silly business in the bag before he popped out.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Cucker Tarlson is a bizarre manifestation of the idiocy and evil of the extreme right. He is one of the absolute worst of the worst on the American political scene. The fact that he even has a platform to spew his nonsense speaks volumes to the sad state of affairs in the U.S. in 2023.
When was he a democrat? In his yearbook he called himself a member of the "Daniel White Society". Daniel White was the man who shot Harvey Milk, the first gay mayor of San Francisco.
His rhetoric went up a couple notches in the past few years, but he spent nearly a decade demanding the middle-east get turned into a glass parking lot. Then public sentiment turned against the war and he admitted to privately knowing it was a "mistake" the whole time. Not because of all the innocent lives lost, hah! Tucker said it was a mistake because the Iraqis were a bunch of illiterate "primitive monkeys" that couldn't be civilized or saved.
Tucker was cheerleading for the Bush administration for the entirety of the 2000s. He was fired from Fox news, denounced the Murdochs, then became the token conservative pundit on MSNBC and CNN before being fired from both. Then he created his own right-wing online network (Hotair? Dailywire? Redstate? I forget).
Nah, he kept wearing the bowtie for a few years after that, although Crossfire was cancelled soon after. You can still find videos of him and Rachael Maddow debating when he was on MSNBC.