In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Good to see the narrative is now "one party isnt good" vs all the terrible shit the republican party has done and is still doing. I'm all for more than 1 party but republicans have shown they shouldnt be one.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Yea I agree. There's really nothing worth entertaining that the Republican party has offered... Even the more moderate members running for office in MA. My wife and I sat down, looked at each candidate, and there was literally zero reason to vote Republican. None. Pretty much the only reason to vote R these days is literally because of QAnon, MAGA, racism, sexism, or homophobia. Massachusetts is the most educated state full of a ton of different cultures so the whole "southern strategy"("we can't be blatantly racist so we are subtly racist") thing just doesn't make sense here. Abolishing the party is perfectly reasonable.
This was once the political party of honorable leaders like , , , and . Charlie Baker did his best to maintain that legacy, but it's hard to imagine another governor of his type being welcomed in the state Republican Party.
Thats all their policies are, a "moderate" republican will fall in line with MAGA if they are the ones in charge and they can continue the grift. I wish people understood this and stopped giving this party chances ffs look what they have done to the country.
> What might a reimagined Massachusetts Republican Party look like? Some Republicans point longingly to a Reagan-era focus on pocket book issues, emphasizing small government, lower taxes, and pro-business policies. Others hope for a return to the pragmatic Yankee Republicanism of Baker and Bill Weld, where fiscal prudence fused with centrist stands on cultural issues and social-welfare programs.