SOP for these vile fascists. 'Reward' the oppressors so that they don't flip. The initial Russian troops expected Ukrainian women as reward exactly the same way.
As a woman, that's about what we expect from police. I haven't been to Iran, but seriously that's what they do to us. Maybe it's just the fascist countries. But I'm sure this isn't recent, or a one off. It's an ever present threat, and we all know it.
Those reports go back 40years. I knew they were evil fuckers, but these are their own people and peoples children. I’m honestly shocked. I hope this regime crashes and burns soon.
“There will be times when the struggle seems impossible. I know this already. Alone, unsure, dwarfed by the scale of the enemy. Remember this, Freedom is a pure idea. It occurs spontaneously and without instruction. Random acts of insurrection are occurring constantly throughout the galaxy. There are whole armies, battalions that have no idea that they’ve already enlisted in the cause. Remember that the frontier of the rebellion is everywhere and even the smallest act of insurrection pushes our lines forward. And then remember this, the imperial need for control is so desperate because it is so unnatural. Tyranny requires contact effort. It breaks, it leaks. Authority is brittle. Oppression is the mask of fear. Remember that. And know this, the day will come when all these skirmishes and battles, these moments of defiance, will have flooded the banks of the emperor’s authority and then there will be one too many. One single thing that will break the siege. Remember this. Try. “. Nemik from Andor.
Honey, I'm a US citizen. Men always seem so shocked. But, it's often on the news. And we all know not to pull over without going to a well lit area, blah blah. But for these young girls in Iran there's been a very emotional response from us, and this is why. They aren't just going to execute those girls who protest. It's way to terrorize the other girls into silence and compliance. Unfortunately I'm not surprised at all. Heartbroken but not surprised.