In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It’s just surprising the Democrats didn’t do worse in the mid terms but two years is an awful long time when it comes to politics and it’s still very possible there maybe a recession a foot. That’s typicaly something that doesn’t get one re-elected let alone how old Biden will be.
I love that DeSantis is the front runner because he is totally incompetent when it comes to governing. He’s not charismatic and his hateful stances won’t be able to be washed away with “but he’s a family man.”.
All I can say is be careful what you wish for. There was a time when someone like Trump would have never won, not to mention how overwhelming DeSantis won actually when it came to his re-election in Florida.
His record consists of illegally firing elected officials, spending millions of FL taxpayer dollars to put migrants in Texas on a plane (basically human trafficking), banning books, arresting black voters over clerical errors of government officials.
The fact that the division in the US is at the point it is now and so many still would vote for Trump considering all he has done make this time in our history very tenuous. I’m just keeping my fingers crossed.
The fact that so many have decided this is actually the kind of thing they want, that is the problem.
Republicans got Roe overturned and no one will let them forget it. They gained no new Senate seats this year and just a few house seats.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Biden has to make amends with the rail workers, and that’s about it. He’s got 2 years to fix it. No one else has a valid reason to dislike him.
I hope in 10 years the republicans dump all the crazies and stop running purely as the opposition. Til then they are tainted.
There are no guarantee's. There’s a very good chance Hillary would have won had Comey not came out when he did. Regardless no reasonable rational person should have ever voted for Trump but enough people did and he won.
Trump had a 33% chance to win in 2016 and just enough people thought “Hillary has this in the bag” or “my vote doesn’t count”.
I think I’ll be keeping my fingers crossed that somehow the US and the rest of the world finds it way out of this current wave of fascist crap.
So you would rather not vote for someone who over reacted to an incomparable terrorist attack (Biden).
But instead vote for a governor that oversaw torture at Gitmo and subverted democracy by firing an elected official? (DeSantis).