Ukraine is asking for access to the investigation. Pretty quick conclusion by everyone again, without allowing Ukrainian officials to see the evidence.
Well they should, its a non-nato country that attacked a fellow nato country. Article 5 needs to be enacted. Funny how when people thought it was Russia they were basically screaming article 5. So much hypocrisy.
No but honestly discussions need to be had. If you want your “even an accident will be considered an attack on NATO soil” to hold weight you have to hold your allies accountable. Fact of the matter is they are claiming the actions of a non NATO country led to the death of NATO civilians on NATO soil. Our allies must hold themselves accountable. It’s a messy situation.
Well, no, that’s not what happened at all. Ukraine was attempting to defend itself from Russian missiles, and a Ukrainian defensive missile accidentally landed on Polish soil. They didn’t attack shit.
And none of this would’ve happened if the Russians weren’t attacking. Criminals are held liable for injuries and deaths that occur during the commission of a felony, even if they didn’t directly inflict said harm themselves. The Russians are the criminals here, if they want this to be avoided they can walk their happy asses out of Ukraine. It’s super easy, the border is literally right there.
What u sate is true, but it could have also been intentional from Ukraine to get Nato to back them up. I like to look at things from all perspectives.
. Hard to take other Comments serious because we all know reddit is full of paid shills and bots. This will be exposed soon just like Twitter.
Ukraine executed the false flag attack on Poland so poorly that there was no chance to blame Russia without losing all credibility. Now they are calling it "stray missiles" and "accident" adding that none of this would have happened if Russia didn't invade Ukraine... Idiots.
Ukraine executed the false flag attack on Poland so poorly that there was no chance to blame Russia without losing all credibility. Now they are calling it "stray missiles" and "accident" adding that none of this would have happened if Russia didn't invade Ukraine... Idiots.