In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Elon wants hate on the platform because he knows it’s good for user engagement. That’s why he unban people in the first place. But he also wants to tell advertisers that he’s doing something which is why he banned Kanye. It’s not that complex.
Why do people keep saying this? Like it’s pretty obvious Kanye was banned because companies don’t like their products being advertised next to antisemitism and apple would have kicked them off the AppStore.
At this point in the twitter saga more signs point to Elon having a public humiliation fetish than him not wanting people to make fun of him.
What it does is create drama, which creates the illusion of more activity, which a fraudster can try to exploit for higher ad buys. Except advertisers saw through this bullshit and it’s just making things worse for Elon.
Yeah, we’re talking about the dumpster fire, but we’re doing so in the way that one rubber necks on a car crash.
Except it’s not good for the platform. See: Trump’s fake Twitter. If hate in and of itself was something you could sustain a platform on, Trump’s silly project would have won.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Not saying it’s a strategy that’s going to work. Just saying it seems to be elons philosophy. Trumps silly project didn’t win because they underestimated the amount of man power it would take to build a resilient high-scale website. Anytime something big happened their site went down and they couldn’t afford to fix it because they were radioactive to advertisers.
Based on the fact they refused to call out almost all examples and racism/white supremacy I am forced to think that those people make up a significant enough part of their voting block they simply cannot denounce them and win re-election. Obviously not all republicans have those views, but enough Republican voters do, or they would be denouncing this sort of behavior.
Agreed, I'm not defending republicans. I am just saying it is a calculated decision based on votes that they do not denounce this sort of behavior normally.