I am a big fan of (and investor in) meat replacement, but still it is worth highlighting that most Scottish agricultural land is not suited to crops. Upland farming uses low productivity land and maintains it in a semi wild state that supports quite a lot of wildlife.
Yes, Scotland also has high intensity farms and also land that can grow crops, so there is absolutely room for meat displacement, especially as the volume of meat from those sources eclipses the upland output - but also our food output would drop were we to stop tomorrow, as the upland farms use very little feedstock.
To elaborate, the entire North East is largely agricultural flat-ish ground. The upland farms he/she talks about are mostly seen in the highlands and west coast, where the terrain is very very rugged. The south and north east (and plenty of land in between) plant many crops, in the north east you can drive from one side to the other and only see crops around you (the lack of farming elsewhere seems to be compensated by making nearly the entire north east farmland.) Typical crops you see in those areas are mostly Rapeseed and Barley.
Typically in the highlands and west coast, your farmland is used for sheep and cows. The sheep love the terrain and thus you see mostly sheep in those areas. I knew a Shepard who took me on a walk around the west coast to tend to his sheep - sheep can basically use a mountainside that's totally inaccessible to machinery as farmland. It's cool seeing them live in that semi-wild state.
Knowing that most livestock is raised in rugged areas in Scotland this redditor makes a good point. But that said, there are still plenty of sheep and cows raised in the Northeast too.
If I'm honest, I will miss seeing the Highland cows and feeding them. It's nice seeing something other than rapeseed and barley in the Northeast.
We don’t need more land, we can infect reduce land use by opting for plant based food systems, so the land you mention can be used for rewilding nature habitats for carbon sequestration.
And likewise animal foods and health are a contradiction in terms. Daily consumption of animal products, and an absence of adequate plant-food intake is the leading cause of most industrialized countries' top causes of death and disease.