In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It’s not a matter of who is right or who is reasonable, it’s a matter of how strongly each side holds their position.
It blows my mind how simple most of the country is. Despite having no plan for literally anything outside of culture war bullshit, they still will garner nearly 50% support nationwide.
Fox News doesn’t even get watched by ten percent of the population on a daily/nightly basis. What really is the issue is all of the “local” news stations owned by Sinclair as well as all of the social media we have today that just keeps pumping out misinformation to keep the masses angered.
It matters more to liberals than they would ever want to admit. Few liberals would support a candidate who supported universal healthcare, but opposed gay rights.
Look at the Georgia senate race. Warnock is a pretty solid candidate. He’s got a good background before entering politics and seems to be pretty smart on the issues. Walker has fucker up everything, even going to so far as to tell voters he’s “not very smart” and flashed a fake police badge on a debate stage (amongst a million other things. Yet the polling comes in and he’s still within the margin of error. Wtf? I honestly don’t know how you reach these people when they are so blind to realoty.
You want a country that is more inclusive because you believe that it makes the country stronger. They want a country that is more orderly because they believe it makes the country stronger. These are mutually exclusive deeply held beliefs.
My point is that you wouldn’t compromise your position any more than they would compromise theirs. Thus, the Culture War must be fought to the bitter end, like it or not.
It’s not so much “make America white again” as it is “make America ignorant again”. Contrary to conventional wisdom, Republican share of the white vote peaked with Romney and has been declining since.
Republicans have gained a lot from playing on the prejudices and worst instincts of brown people, especially religious prejudices and brown-on-brown bigotry. This effort is financed with billions in dark money.