I'll never forget the footage of the Dutch hackers watching Russian hackers via a camera the dutch managed to access inside the Russian propaganda mill.
For the record, that was JSCU and they were watching an SVR cyberattack team's office in a university the center of Moscow, not the I.R.A. in St. Petersburg. These were hackers from the foreign intelligence service attacking the DNC. The Internet Research Agency is more the propaganda mill which hired students to write propaganda on social media.
The great thing was they could literally identify perpetrators enabling Robert Mueller to bring charges.
As I understand it, they got into the cameras in the hallway rather than in the office, but inside the office, they'd gained access to the workstations used for the attacks as well. So they monitored both.
I once tracked an automated Russian cyberattack on our company too. Our laxness was the biggest problem, I put a stop to that, but if they did intrude, they would have gotten access to both climate control and camera surveillance. And everything else, basically.
Eh, you're forgetting the international cables in the Netherlands which connect directly to the US which are also pretty heavy-duty. The UK has those international cables too, but for Western en Central Europe that's a bit of a roundabout way.
From my professional experience, it's more that the people working for JSCU are that good, not necessarily that their adversaries were that bad. It's still very embarrassing for them though, yeah.
I've heard it all. I think we're underestimating the problem. Which is why we're seeing these projections on New Year's Eve and on the Anne Frank House.
One of the biggest threats to the Netherlands right now, and our security services agree, are far-right extremists who may commit terrorist attacks. We also call them "tokkies" which is similar to the English word "chav". They're very dumb people who tend to live off unemployment benefits and spend their time on Facebook finding some way to make every topic about Mark Rutte or Sigrid Kaag. Then they go back to their Telegram groups with other neo-Nazis for instructions. It's very sad.
Edit: there are some oddball exceptions, btw. I know one Jewish doctor who once advocated forced sterilization of the entire African continent and another Jewish dude who is about the most pernicious amplifier and creator of alt-right propaganda imaginable. He gets very upset, for example, when a politician addresses Holocaust denial in society. He never gets upset about the Holocaust denial itself, because it's coming from his own far-right conspiracy tribe. He enthusiatically creates and shares disinformation. Sometimes cryptically incites violence. Both are intelligent, accomplished, older men who I wouldn't label "tokkie", no. Come to think of it, I know a younger Jewish guy who is full-on QAnon.
I'm of the opinion that if any of these people are discovered to be working with the Russians, then these traitors should be given the Balthasar Gerards treatment.
I can't imagine something more embarrassing for an elite state-run hacker team than getting recorded through your own cameras, that you stupidly put up in your work area, failed to secure, and failed to monitor so badly that you didn't notice they were hacked and streaming to your enemy.
I can't assess how much of it was the result of an automated sweep or if it was deliberate targeting using a dozen ips, but when researching the whois and geo-ip information (I combined about 5 to 6 public databases) of several of them, I had to say it freaked me out a little.
I expect most of the devices we export are vulnerable to remote root exploits by default and that 14 eyes intelligence agencies share a database of said exploits which they can easily query on make and model, so it might almost be point-and-click. If not, and if they designed a custom exploit for this equipment, I'm even more impressed.