In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Considering what Gorsuch, Kavanaugh, and Barrett have said, such an extreme decision looks very unlikely. I am not surprised in the slightest by that.
Pfft. Even with the most extreme ruling possible, they are no longer in a strong enough position in state legislatures to overturn a Presidential election, and when you look at how their internal divisions are now starting to cost them control of legislative chambers even when they hold majorities of seats, I think their position will only weaken further.
I think this is going to backfire disastrously on the Republicans if they issue a pro-ISL decision regardless of how extreme or “moderate” it is. 2014 is long gone, and these midterms show as much. Republicans actually have to worry about voters now and their internal factions are at each others’ throats. Moore v. Harper is not going to save them from that.
I think they’re trying to hold jelly together with rubber bands. Sure, certain potentialities are frightening, but I don’t think they’re internally unified enough to pull them off and at this point they are falling off a demographic cliff.
Even a narrow ruling could essentially legalize extreme gerrymandering, without recourse through the courts.
As I said, their internal factions are at each other’s throats and they’ve just lost — or come very close to losing — a quite a few “safe” districts on gerrymandered maps, and this during a year that should have been a walkover. Gerrymandering only works up to a certain point, and when realignments happen we shouldn’t cling to old assumptions when there is plenty of evidence that they no longer hold.
And the Supreme Court would have to worry about Democratic gerrymanders, too, and what could be done with them.