>"This is a big win in our talks, that we have a double profit. Both strenhening security in Ukraine, by defending the Ukrainian sky, but we also have strenhening of our anti-missile and anti-aircraft defence," Morawiecki said.
In my head they are both high ranking politician of a political party, which routinely insults, denigrates and provokes my country and the german people. I really do not care what dimwitted fool spoke this, seeing as the party itself saw it fit not to intervene on his behalf for this incredibly stupid take.
Truly the most humble and honest politician. Yes of course only Poland with it´s perfect and trusting relationship to Germany could have possibly moved Germany to send the patriot system. Not of course the fact that Germany sent basically all kinds of air defense as much as it could. Iris-T, Gepards, Stinger and now the Patriot system. A system that before could not be sent as the US declined export permission when Ukraine asked. Now that the US is sending one system and is already training the Ukrainians in Germany on the system, they get a german system as well.
"This is a big win in our talks, that we have a double profit. Both strenhening security in Ukraine, by defending the Ukrainian sky, but we also have strenhening of our anti-missile and anti-aircraft defence," Morawiecki said.
I somehow very much doubt that you would care to know the different name off the minister if you read in the headline that some german minister insulted your country.
There are obviously reasons to criticize certain words or actions of the current ruling Polish party, but your audacity about Germany allegedly beig "victim" here is mind boggling.
Yes, some people doubt if Germany are ready to defend others in case of Russia's agression, because of the simple fact, that for many years top German politicians have been lackeys of the Russian dictator. For example Schroder became Putin's servant while being a german chancellor, in 2005 (!) he said that Putin is immaculate democrat, after leaving office he has been still serving Russia, while remaing SPD member until this day.
And his successors did basically the same, pushing north stream 2, while lying that it is "private project" (lol). Even after takeover of Crimea, even after Russian agression in Donbas of 2014, this muppets didn't change this course. Scholz ultimately gave up about that just because of the heavy US pressure, after the outbreak of full scale war (!). They didn't care about security of Poland, Baltic states, Czechia, Ukraine, only about Putin being pleased. For exactly this reason Germany always opposed permanent bases of western troops in Poland or Baltic states, so their Kremlin master wasn't irritated.
Another Putin's lackey, Steinmaier, in 2016 basically accused West of being agressive towards Russia. Yes, for real.
Funny how that works. I remember that cunt claiming that German Soldiers wouldnt shoot down Missiles flying towards Poland anyway. So why now all of a sudden is there this great need to bring even multiple systems to Poland? If they want them they can very well buy them from the US.
See down below.... He still is a two faced cunt though. Talking about profitting off someone else paying for these systems and a third country actually using them in war.
And still, obvious Russian agents of influence like Manuela Schwesig are in office in Germany. So to sum it up, for Germany, their special partnership with Putin was always much more important than caring about the security in this part of Europe. Because of that, you can just fuck off with your pretece about someone talking badly about Germany for this reasons. If you are looking for dimwitted politicians, look at leaders of your country and you will find plenty of them.
Im sorry but no Kaczinsky and his merry band of goons in particular are not "mean" to us, they are fucking insane.
Poland’s current government “does not fit into the German-Russian plans to rule over Europe”, declared Jarosław Kaczyński, chairman of the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party, last month.
Polands rhetoric is not somewhat critical but so outside what is even slightly considered normal, that you somehow managed to have the right and left wing of our politicians agreeing that PIS is dangerously unhinged. Quite the achievment. I genuinely am curious how you are going to excuse calling the democratically elected chancellor of Germany a fucking NaZi, especially considering he is from the SPD.
Schröder has been close to Putin while chancellor yes but frankly at this point he is irrelevant seeing as he is nearly 20 years out of office. Excluding someone out of a party is for very good reason against German law and requires actually comitting a crime. While Schröder is and was unpopular, he is no criminal.
You equate gas pipelines with security but the whole premise is flawed. First of all you would like to leverage the pipeline against russia in case of agression right? But your threat is against Germany not Russia. You are basically saying" Stop Russia or we are going to hurt Germany!" OH why does Germany not like this, how mean of them to not let themselves be threatened.
AND SECOND! it obviously doesnt work as a threat seeing as russia stopped Gas themselves and is keeping up the war effort. Frankly put both combined makes you seem incredibly petulant. The real reason I imagine is far more likely that you and Ukraine lost a shitton in Transit fees.
And yes of course nobody wanted to deterioriate relations with russia by building bases in Countries, which were already under the nuclear mantle of NAto. Why, have you been attacked?
Yeah that is the egregious thing. Whenever our allies called, we came. Kosovo, Afghanistan, Mali and so on. Our Soldiers died in Wars that nobody in Germany wanted. We built half the military equipment our allies use and maintain it. We were ready to get nuked in the cold war to stem the tide . Even the implication of this after we so thoruoghly sanctioned Russia that NorthKorea is shocked and delivering Billions in lethal aid and ten Billion in Humanitarian Aid to Russias enemies is so incredibly insulting, so stupendously outrageous that it is hard to put into words.