Can someone explain why Russia would want to sabotage Nord Stream? As far as I can see, as long as Nord Stream is in place then Russia has another card that it can use against the West: if you're nice to us then we may give you some gas; if not then we withdraw it. By destroying Nord Stream, Russia no longer has any leverage. What does Russia have to gain?
I don't think you do. However, Russia being responsible for this would be a solution all countries in the area would be fine with. Especially since all of them would have - from my point of view - a much more compelling motivation to be behind the sabotage.
The best argument I read (in r/de) is that fingers pointing anywhere is politically destabilizing Europe, which is in Russias interest. Not sure I buy that, though.
first would be a signal warning. signal warnings are important in geopolitics and tend to be costly/risky. the pipeline was busted the same day norway-poland pipeline opened. (never ever a coincidence). shortly after that norway had many many drone-incidents at points of their ciritcal infrastructure.
second would be personal vendetta from putin. he despises the west. he knows dying is a possibility. he doesn't want russia to turn 180° the moment he dies. russia would be pumping germany/europe with gas again. with pipelines gone russia has to start at below zero to trade with europe (below zero because reparations to ukraine would be on the table while negotiating for gas). if a perfectly fine pipeline was already in place there'd be some reperation-sheninangs via cheap gas and things would be like before. but putin doesn't want things to be like before. he wants the west to be weakened. he wants some kind of new world order no matter what.
putin hates the west. if putin dies russia could pump gas to europe again. things would be like pre war. putin doesn't want that even in case he dies. this is like an insurance to him. he said multiple times he wants a new world order. putin prefers china, india or pakistan as trade partners because they don't give a crap how Russia is ruled as long as the gas/oil keeps flowing.
Russia had already ceased supply through the pipeline blaming technical problems before the explosion. The idea that Putin blew up a Russian pipeline (worth billions to their economy) as a warning to the west is simply nuts. Why would he not have, say, blew up the new Norway-Poland pipeline? How is the fact that the explosion happened on that day proof that Russians did it? It’s clear, from the details of the story and the fact that there has been effective media silence about it, that this was done by the West. Also stop trying to understand geopolitics through amateur psychoanalysis, it’s nauseatingly stupid.