So they try to intimidate civilians in hopes that said civilians will pressure their government to seek a peace deal.
The short version is people are stubborn and after you bomb their factories, they rebuild the factories to be more resistant to bombing, resulting in diminishing returns every time you go bomb the same factory.
My understanding is that the nukes had very little, if anything, to do with Japan's surrender and that this story served more as a face-saving measure for both sides:
Japan got to bow out with some dignity now that they could point to a superweapon as the cause, but the real reason was that they didn't want the USSR joining the fight.
And America gets to pretend that murdering a bunch of civilians was actually a good thing because it saved lives in the long run.
But I don't remember my sources on this, and I don't feel like looking, so take my half-remembered "knowledge" with a grain of salt.
Furthermore, Hirohito told the public and his military two different reasons for the surrender. He told the public it was nukes and told the military that it was the USSR joining the war against Japan.
According to the Wikipedia article on the surrender of Japan, the generals and much of the civilian population wanted to fight to the last man in the hopes of inflicting so many casualties on the US and the USSR to cause them to lose their appetite for war.
As of early 1945, most of the highest officials in Japan wanted to continue the war and found surrender less favorable than total destruction.
The USSR informed Japan that it would not renew their neutrality pact and invaded Manchuria between the two nukes.
Hirohito wanted to negotiate more favorable terms than total surrender, but that caused his generals to stage a failed coup in the days after the bombing of Nagasaki.
In short, it's more complicated than just "nukes are why they surrendered." It was a factor without a doubt, but in terms of "does strategic bombing break the will of the civilian war effort?" Well no, not really.
You're right. It didn't work on Germany, it didn't work on England, it didn't even really work on Japan before the nukes. And it isn't going to work on Ukraine either. In case anyone wants a long form explanation as to why that is, here's a link to someone who's clearly done their research.