In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
In a reasonable world they would have voted again on a 3 day sick leave policy and split the difference.
You have a better deal than the vast majority of people in this country, I only get 12 days of pto and 12 days of sick.
Being on call is an essential part of the job, that’s why they make so much money. They know that when they take the job.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
My brother works for the railroad. Railroad companies, like most, are making record profits. There is absolutely no reason workers shouldn’t have paid sick time, none. Rail workers are treated like total shit and our economy would crash without them. I hope they strike. Yes I know the cost, but so does everyone else and they don’t seem to care.
My brother is an engineer, always on call. He’s off long enough to sleep then constantly having to check the board for his next call out. He has 18 years in and all he does is worry about being available. His sleep patterns are so unhealthy.
They cannot be fired for taking sick leave. They are just required to get a doctors note if it is more than 3 days.
If the sick leave bit had passed they would be praising the government for helping them get the last thing they wanted. Since not enough Republicans signed off on it they are left unhappy. That is how these negotiations tend to go, it comes down to one last concession.
I didn't say it wasn't the thing they wanted most, I don't actually know how badly they wanted that part. I'm saying it is was the final step in the negotiations. If it had passed the railways would be mad if it wasn't passed the workers would be mad. Unfortunately the GOP decided to not let it pass.
If the workers want to direct their anger at someone it should be the GOP. A few more votes and they would have gotten the contract they were asking for.
They can call out sick, they just don’t have paid days for it. They get several weeks of paid pto a year though, they can just use that. This isn’t the big deal a lot of people think it is.
You’re lucky, I only get 12 days of pto and 12 days of sick a year, I’m in the same boat if I get sick and use up my 24 days.