Amazonia's land is terrible to crops. And the Amazonia is crucial to regulate the rains of Brazil's south, where the land is much more suitable to produce food. Deforestation is irrational per definition.
Edit: Rainforest is not self-sustaining/self-regenerating anymore, so "undoing" things is not enough...
That comment shows how ignorant one can be about worldwide issues, Norwegian mining companies are famous for destroying the enviroment in Brazil, even in the amazon.
Yeah and the list of things that are in products that are palm oil, or palm oil derrived, but have a different name, is huge. It's difficult to avoid.
Most Deforestation in Brazil isn't due to companies, it is done ilegaly by thugs, the remaining is the example I just gave you..
That doesn't make sense if we know they are the same entity. It is also very relevant to every sentence in your comment.
But hey, they used to donated enough to buy a couple helicopters and a land vehicle. They really trying to counter act it eh.
Doing the thing that makes more sense, or at least were you live, if you won't criticize India leave us alone too.
It's not, could be unethical, but it's definitely not illegal. Even more considering that he's not the actual president.
"The Amazon rainforest is now emitting more carbon dioxide than it is able to absorb, scientists have confirmed for the first time.".
Moro, the main judge of the case, became a bolsonaro's minister and after that became a right wing politic.
"Amazon released nearly 20% more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere over the past decade than it absorbed".
Luciano Hang, big entrepreneur and bolsonaro's friend, had an audio leaked where he asked for forgiveness of tax that his company owned to the government.
The Norwegian goverment directly caused damages so great that it is kinda impossible to quantify it in dollars, one instance of that is currently being judged as a crime against humanity since it was done knowingly or at the best case scanario, due to negligence. Of course it was in the Amazon.