In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Ultimately though, if many/most of them win, we were almost certainly fucked regardless of whether the Democrats interfered or not.
The irony here is that many of these fringe canidates were supported during the primaries by Dem Pac's and funding.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Yep. They're a fucking pathetic excuse for countrymen. They bring shame to anyone who's actually fought and died for freedom, equality, and economic prosperity in this country.
Similar to how the Clinton campaign elevated a "fringe" presidential canidate in 2016 to run against???
Gotta tell ya, us poor villagers are getting tired of y'all creating monsters and expecting us to come and bale ya out.
And I would've thought that the American people were better and more intelligent than to fall for this shit - yet here we are anyway.
I think the reaction here among the electorate is what's lost in the current Republican and Democrat parties. Many believe that the establishment parties are gaming the system to preserve the political class and they have become fed up.
For example, how many Trump votes were actually a vote against Clinton? The media characterizes these votes as Pro Trump support, however for a significant group it was against Clinton.
Oh, I'm certain that was a driving factor for many people. They knew they hated Clinton, and compared that to the Trump they'd seen on the Apprentice. Sure, he was crass and crude, but maybe that was just what was needed to shake things up. How bad could it really be?
Are they really though? Can we really compare the New Deal and Great Society eras to what Reagan and his cronies did?
I also find it hilarious though that anyone could support the Republicans, who are the epitomy of the status quo and bilking people out of money at no benefit to those people. But hey, I guess the Republicans are angry and want to turn that anger on scapegoats, so off we go to the races.
I agree, but I also believe the Democrat and Republican parties are 2 different sides of the same coin.
In the past 40 years, the Democrats have only had a few brief periods of full control, and in two of those the Republicans were doing everything they could to prevent anything at all from being accomplished. And even then, the Democrats still managed to improve things for average people, even if only modestly so.
I'm not going to tell you the Democrats are perfect by any means - but their flaws are ones that we can address and work around. They are responsive to voters, even if only slowly and grudgingly. The Republicans are anything but.
I agree, the New Deal laid the foundation for a future we have unfortunately failed to realize. Lyndon Johnson, not so much, not a fan.
The ones who came up with the election denial as an issue were Democrats? Funny, I thought it was Donald Trump and his cronies - the same people who specifically went out of their way to try and purge the handful of Republicans that dared call him out over January 6th.
I can't point to one policy objective realized by either party which did not benefit special interests, at the expense of those they purport to represent.
What the Democrats did was indirectly promote the worse of the Republican candidates in certain primaries, in hopes that in a head to head matchup against outright crazies, their candidates would have better chances.
This may turn out to be a foolish move - but let's place the real blame where it ACTUALLY belongs. The Democrats didn't come up with this shit, nor did they espouse it, nor are they the ones who chose to vote for this shit.