India and Russia made deals – before the war in Ukraine – about LNG supplies. Apparently, Russia handled it via a subsidiary located in Germany.
After the invasion in Ukraine, the German government nationalized Russian assets and infrastructure within Germany, as Russia simply stopped running the infrastructure.
The deal wasn't with Russia, the deal was with a subsidiary based in Germany, and after the war started, that subsidiary was nationalized by the German government. India is still holding that subsidiary accountable for the deal, regardless of which country owns it.
It seems Russia is not following through with the deal they have made with India. Now India wants the deal with Russia about Russian LNG to be handled by Germany. Which of course has no say or access regarding Russian deals or resources.
Would think a force majeure clause would likely stop the contract being enforced under English law, Indian law is similar to our (for reasons) but not sure about German Law. Depends on contract though.
However, as said it does depend on the contract. My insurance can’t get out of paying for my house flooding just because it’s an act of god.
The literal translation is greater force, so whilst acts of god are one type it is not all - So it does indeed cover actions by man including armed conflict.
Not a law expert so can't really comment about that. Though i doubt it's as simple as the contract being voided with a single clause, given the fact that it involves multiple countries and companies. That's further complicated by the nationalization of the company.
The deal was made with Gazprom (here Gazprom Germania subsidiary). Gazprom is the Russian state owned energy company. So yes, the deal was made with Russia about Russian LNG for a direct delivery from Russia to India.
Yes. A gas company can not stop a country from going to war to ensure its contractual agreements are met. In this case a government and its army is a greater force then a gas distribution company.
The subsidiary no longer exists and it seems Gazprom decided to not fulfill the gas contact with India.
No the deal wasn't with gazprom. The deal was actually with a Singaporean subsidiary, which was owned by the German subsidiary, which was owned by gazprom. But after the war, the German government nationalized the German subsidiary, and now are thus the indirect owners of the singaporean subsidiary. That's why there is an issue, because the Indian government expects the subsidiary with which it originally made the deal, to uphold the deal, regardless of who owns it.