Hungary is as much afraid of Russia as all the other neighboring countries. They just also really like to piss of the rest of the EU.
It's more playing no sides than both sides, while still demanding protection from one side against the other.
Well, due to helping Russia so much Hungary has been rewarded by having their main oil pipeline destroyed today in the bombardments (it's in Ukraine). Since I really heavily doubt Ukraine will send anyone to repair it anytime soon (and odds of Russia doing so are even lower) - the whole country is going to be utterly screwed within next month or two.
When you gain power solely on a Euroskeptic platform you can't change that without putting that power in jeopardy. He made his bed, now he has to lie in it.
That must be it. Orban is not a stupid guy, he plays his own people like fiddle and it works. I suppose at the end of the day whether the country manages to climb out of it’s decline or not he’ll still be sitting on a big pile cash, he just better hope it ain’t all in forints, they worthless .
And don't forget article 5 isn't an immediate "We ride for Moscow!". It doesn't actually require anyone to attack, there just needs to be support provided by each member. That can be aid, not just boots on the ground fighting.
Now however their more recent actions HAVE managed to bring back good old traditional Polish hatred. To the point where for instance I would recommend not saying you are Russian anywhere near Poland regardless of how old is someone you are talking to unless you know them personally. Pretend to be Belarusian or Ukrainian instead. We have in fact gone from assuming only Russian government is inhuman to realizing their whole country is rotten inside (which to an extent is even going too far but it's not something that's changing anytime soon now).
To be completely fair - until 2008 and more so 2014 it was mostly older generations that really had reasons to be wary/hateful of Russia.
For us younger folks (think millenial) it was a "well, they did some crazy shit in the past but it's not like it affected me personally". We did not harbor any particularly nasty feelings towards Russia. Our parents kinda did (communism was... weird but not as brutal as you might otherwise think it was, at least for typical citizens) and our grandparents DEFINITELY did but you certainly did not hear schoolkids saying they hate all Russians or something, it was just part of boring history. I mean at the same time you also got to see German concentration camps (and hear the stories on how they turned people into soap) and apparently Germany is okay now so Russia should be the same, right?
We had some crazy shit going on but Polish people generally are distrustful of our governments so it was not all that hard to brush it off and assume it was at least sorta similar in Russia. Suffice to say that for instance we had a simplified Visa process for Russians (same as with Ukrainians and Belarusians) meaning we did consider them a potentially good workforce that's easy to integrate.