In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
so he wants to stop people from being taught the vague term “ideologies” that he doesn’t like bc he considers them “political”…it’s wild to see that now everything is becoming political. Science. History. English. I bet even math will become political soon. They’ve amped up their war against education and it’s scary how blind people are to see it. Supporters will say “you shouldn’t be forced to learn about that” “they’re forcing people to become liberal”…NOBODY is FORCING anything on anybody. What a fucking shame these people think that their students / children aren’t able to THINK for themselves. Do they think that no conservatives come out of college conservative? I can bet there are, didn’t a lot of those conservatives in government get a degree from “liberal” universities? What happened to them? Aren’t they LIVING PROOF that people can freely think for themselves and make decisions on what they want to believe in? No, Florida just wants to dictate and control what people are even exposed to or hear about. They want the GOVERNMENT to control what professors teach and HOW they teach it. When will climate science become unreachable in Florida? That could be considered an “ideology” of the right-wing who thinks that climate science is just politics to control the world. I’m fucking tired of how blind people are to this demagoguery. The right will literally say “ government is too big, it can’t make me pay taxes to fund somebody’s education or housing or food” but will then say government has the power to control women’s body and choices, control what books you’re able to read or what classes u can take or the content u learn; these people have actual brain rot. These people really are just full of anger and resentment and hatred.