In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I would say that it's fine for religious people to be in government as long as they do not permit their religious ideas to influence their actions. An exception would be actions necessary to uphold principles of fairness, honesty, and social justice.
Is it your position that religious people should not be in government? Surely that would greatly reduce the percentage of people qualified to be in government.
I'm more concerned with how people treat each other than with what they believe. I think that God would look more favorably upon kind hearted and generous atheists than upon religious people who are evil.
Good religion would never support fascism. Unfortunately not all religion is good; examples are legion. Good religion upholds fairness and social justice. Bad religion can encourage behavior which is antithetical to social justice.
Considering how many "religious" politicians promote policies that directly contradict their professed faiths, i hardly consider that to be the real issue.
Not who you asked, but I believe that it is okay to communicate with people based on the way in which they themselves interpret reality. I personally default to what is basically agnostic, but I will often communicate with people through a biblical framework if I know that the Bible is part of their "vocabulary". A politicians faith or lack thereof doesn't really bother me one way or another, as I know very well that all humans inhabit a fictitious construct, and whether or not this construct contains a "God", while not entirely irrelevant, is not exactly the standard by which I feel a person should be judged.
I certainly agree with you that "politicians promote policies that directly contradict their professed faiths....".
As true as that may be. Keeping religious individuals in government is leaving the door open to fascism. We’ve seen it time and again, throughout Western history.
People go to church. So what? People speak of religious ideas or casually drop phrases that have roots in religious texts. So what?
Some people would say that stealing is wrong because of the commandment. I would say that that's not true. Even without the commandment, stealing would be wrong because it involves taking something which belongs to someone else. The commandment exists because stealing is wrong, and so it goes. And, as you say, these values should never go out of date.
But I put heavy emphasis on The Summery of the Law in which Jesus answered the question of which is the most important law. Greatly condensed, it was to love God and to love one's fellow human beings. He gave the parable of The Good Samaritan to expand the definition of "neighbor" and state what He meant by "love". Actually, He was quoting from the OT.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
As I see it, anything in the Bible which is incompatible with The Summary of the Law is not binding. It should be considered as no more than background material which is a reflection of ancient Hebrew culture, or the history of the Hebrew people written by themselves with all the distortions that one might expect.
My point is that you can't really dismiss a politician as ineligible for office because they hold a fictitious belief. That disqualifies people in general. To make a distinction between a religious or non religious belief as being inherently more or less harmful isn't really appropriate, as it doesn't necessarily tell you what you need to know about a person.
I would argue that a belief in life after death carries implications that could possibly corrupt a person. I would argue that a belief that "I'm too smart to fall for something like that, unlike the rest of these rubes" could be similarly corrupting. The fact of the matter is, all humans wake up in the morning, and immediately assemble a self-serving fiction that gives purpose and meaning to their lives. If it just so happens to be religion, that in itself isn't a disqualifier. The point isn't whether or not politicians can or can't be religious, or can or can't be religiously motivated, the point is that "faith" is not a sufficient justification when it comes to policy. "God says so" DO NOT make the words coming out of somebody's mouth more powerful or meaningful.
I am not one who believes that the Bible was dictated by God to a stenotypist who preserved it intact on a CD-ROM.
I did not see that as a violation of the principle of separation of church and state. I see separation as violated if one attempts to influence the other unduly or if a church orders members to vote for particular political candidates. It would be a violation of the Johnson Amendment if a church directs members how to vote. It would also be a violation if tax money is used to support particular church doctrines. Of course there can be gray areas.
I grew up in Manitowoc, WI, which was about 50% Roman Catholic. When the Strand Cinema showed a movie which was on the banned list of the Roman Church, the Roman Church ordered members not to go to the Strand Cinema for three years as punishment for the Cinema. At a high school graduation ceremony in Manitowoc a protestant clergyman was scheduled to deliver an invocation. Because of that the Roman Church directed its members not to attend.
It's not clear to me what CRT is. There seem to be many different opinions about what it is. However, I firmly believe in teaching history accurately, including even the things that some people don't want us to know about. It is only by knowing and understanding history that we can overcome the problems we still have.
Securing certain basics for the well-being of the people in the country isn't inherently a religious sentiment. As for the constitutionality of it, meh, that's open to debate. The truth is, there are a lot of ways in which the economy of today is drastically different than the economy of yesterday, and the government adapting to it just seems like common sense.
But, as I mentioned earlier, i am perfectly fine with using religion to communicate with religious people, and these assholes need to stop using the Lord's name in vain when it comes to trying to excuse their own behavior, or act as if whatever bullshit they feel like doing is some kind of holy mission.
I guess I'd have to revisit the issue and see what specifically makes it unconstitutional, but I'd say that a policy like that doesn't really qualify as being religiously driven, because it requires no particular belief to accept or reject it, and it pertains to something in which belief is pretty much irrelevant.
Basically, something like the ACA is to broker a compromise between citizens having access to Healthcare, while preserving Healthcare as an actual business. It wouldn't be the first time the government has served to protect private interests. We've literal done so for the entirety of our lifespan as a nation.
Capitalism seems to be the only system which works. However, that should not make it immune from criticism. Although I do support capitalism, I do not support laissez faire. Unbridled capitalism can be very evil.
I, for one, refuse to go back into the closet. I like the approach of Pete Buttigeig. Regardless of the situation or accusations, he somehow always manages to remain composed and courteous while getting his point across exceedingly clearly. Very few people have the skill and self-discipline to do that.
Obviously King, like everyone else, was very imperfect, but that does not negate his accomplishments.
But surely you must know from history that parties can and do change. Until perhaps the late 1950s, the Democratic Party was antithetical to civil rights and racial equality, but it has changed.
Any type of peculiarities that make it "unconstitutional" could be resolved pretty easily, if it isn't, in fact already legit, with any sort of interpretation that isn't deliberately designed to attack it.