In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
So the party could theoretically use some soft power shit to keep a Dem from running, but then I’d be worried about Republicans backing some nutjob to run unopposed in a Dem primary as a spoiler for the general.
She thinks Democrats won't run a candidate in 2024 for fear of splitting the vote and losing the seat. They should call her bluff. I would bet more Rs than D's will vote for her.
The party voted at their convention to endorse McMullin over , who was trying to make it a D vs. R vs. I race. Arizona parties don't use conventions to nominate, so if someone files as a Democrat and gets enough ballot qualification signatures they'll be on the primary ballot and will win the nomination, even if the party as an organization nominally doesn't want to do that (although from everything state party leaders here are putting out, and from the signaled interest in the seat by both Gallego and Stanton, they don't look like they'd have wanted that anyway).
No candidate who actually wants a political future will file to run against the wishes of the party and the signature requirements to get on the ballot seem kinda low actually but are probably still enough to keep just any swingin dick off the street from running as a Democrat without some kind of funding/organizational support.
If it’s so easy for any Joe Schmo to get on the ballot then why does it seem to basically never happen? Kelly ran unopposed in his primary and Sinema ran against one other person, who had organizational backing.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
All true but you also can’t get that many signatures just standing outside of Walmart on a Sunday. That kind of campaign takes resources that aren’t easily available to any random person who decides they want to run, and no serious Democratic politician or professional campaign manager or organization would run against the wishes of the party.
And yes, my entire point was that the party can exert soft power to keep Democrats off the ballot if they wanted but they probably wouldn’t because Republicans would run a ghost candidate Dem as a spoiler.