I'm certain that had russia not launched 100 missiles at Ukranian targets yesterday, to include cities near the Polish border, this never would have happened.
Are you actually this stupid when Zelensky claimed it had been Russia or do you think Ukraine doesn't know where it's "defense system" is firing missiles to?
What I don't understand is your inability or fear towards challenging the ideas you've been fed. I'm not arguing Russia is the good guy here, just that Zelensky, the US and EU aren't either.
A sovereign country was invaded by an autocrat. The civilians are being murdered in the thousands. If not murdered, they are being raped, kidnapped, and enslaved. Zelensky is the leader of the country and is standing by his citizens end defending his country. The US and EU are giving aid.
Ask yourself what would happen to Cuba if Russia were to install "missile defense systems" on the island.
Again, since you seem to have a single argument; Russia started the war, ask yourself who's benefitting from perpetuating it. Maybe one of the most corrupt governments in the EU, the country which greatly profits off of it's military industrial complex (which has also been meddling in the internal affairs of Ukraine's territories bordering Russia and identify heavily as soviet), and the group of nations with an identity complex because of it's past?
I guess Russia was profiting from blowing up Nordstream, Afghanistan had WMDs and the USS Maine spontaneously ignited.
Edit: want to apologise for starting this whole thing off rather aggressively, definitely the best way to ensure an unproductive conversation.
Russia almost certainly either directly or indirectly had everything to do with it. I can't imagine a scenario with Poland getting hit by a missile that has nothing to do with Russia raining down barrages of missiles on Ukraine.
I'm not sure what point your trying to make here but just because their may be bad people on both sides their is only 1 country here unprovocatively massacring their neighbor country and further more is completely at fault for the missile strike in Poland. It's people like you why Russia feels that they can continue to invade,horrify and steal their neighbors land and get away with it.
But Russia already annexed Crimea in 2014 before that. Prior to that invaded Georgia. And NATO has land borders with Russia spanning 754 miles across northern Norway, eastern Latvia and Estonia, and the borders with Poland and Lithuania around Russia's Kaliningrad region even before Ukraine.
I mean I've heard a lot about USA trying to persuade Ukraine into democracy but that's only possible if the people want it. The USA wasn't even able to forcefully push Iraq or Afghanistan into a US friendly democracy because at the end of the day they just didn't want it and we finally gave up. Ukraine wanted it but of course as an autocratic regime having democracy influence nearby is a huge threat to their power. Putin is scared to lose absolute power and fears if Russia starts to see Ukraine succeed Russia may push toward democracy and take away his power.