In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
As you can see by my comments downvotes, apparently I'm an idiot and shouldn't say this because no one likes me and I'm stupid. Thanks for questioning me, at least. Look her up and see what she says.
Haha, but de-fi is bad. Catherine Austin Fitz has a financial rebuilding method that would solve most if not all of the government meddling with citizen funded organizations. She got her families lives threatened and chased out of the US to the Netherlands for safety. She knows more about monetary policy than pretty much anyone on the planet. Self sovereignty with our $ is how we get shit done. Politicians can not solve problems as technology is what solves a problem.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
My pardon, how will technology solve our problems? Do you mind defining "self sovereignty" and what you mean by a "citizen funded organization"? For a layman.
Yes I understand quite a bit about money creation before and after the FED. It took me a few years of studying macro economics to even touch on some of the concepts involved, so no I can't explain it all to you in this forum. Look her up, she makes it easier to follow along and see the bigger picture. If you want a crash course on it the first 30 minutes of Zeitgeist: Addendum on YouTube lays out how messed up this all is and that there are other ways to use $ in a non slavery style way for everyone to have enough to meet basic human needs.
With respect to this Court of Reddit law, and the citizens attending to it, "Zeitgeist" is all the proof we need to prosecute this user as a noob.
There are ancient civilizations underfoot, some might say extraterrestrial, I myself am descended from a long line of Viking Space Lords, probably.
Obviously, our central economic disadvantage as a Western bloc is not taking our competition more seriously, namely those pesky Reptilians.
"Many industry representatives and even some advocates argue that the bill would particularly help smaller and minority-owned companies since most of the country’s largest cannabis companies already having access to banking services.".
I say we invest in space magic, cryptocurrency, and 3D printers to rectify our woes and give Reich...I mean rise to the purest of economies.
States the bankers already do offer the services. For the largest cannabis companies yet not for the poors.