In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I think DeSantis is behind a lot of it because normally he would have blathered on and on about federal department abuse, targeting a private citizen, blah blah blah. Notice DeSantis has said barely a peep about the Mar-a-Lago case, even though Trump might be his most important constituent in Florida.
I wonder if McConnell et al are going to do a behind the scenes push to get Donnie indicted and sent to jail before the 2024 elections?
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
They have to. A Trump primary fractures the party. They want him indicted and convicted so they can begin the whitewashing of their history with him and prop up Desantis as the new golden boy. 100% Desantis is behind the scenes with McConnell strategizing around this, I'll be shocked if that is not the case. Who else can they nominate? Fuckin Ted Cruz?
Donnie's obviously ready to do anything and throw anyone under the bus for chance to save himself. He'd destroy the whole GOP if it meant five more seconds of freedom.
My guess is that DeSantis knew about the raid and didn’t say anything. I notice Trump started taking shots at him after the raid.
Yeah. DeSantis’ silence about the Mar-a-Lago raid has been deafening. And with what I know about Law Enforcement, someone at the state or county level knew about the raid so I can’t help but think DeSantis was tipped off as such.
I think he will have a tough time winning the primary. The backlash to him post 2018 / 2020 / 2022 losses is pretty solid. Hell even /r/conservative was dumping him across the board on election night and plenty of GOP senators are speaking up about how poorly he is performing so could be interesting. Either way it's gonna be a vicious primary and I cannot wait to watch it.
I think this primary will be different because of the fierce loyalty many voters have to Trump + Trump's ego. If Trump does lose a primary, he will absolutely NOT going quietly in to the night / be a gracious loser. He will begin and immediate rampage to ensure his base doesn't vote for whomever won / attempt to run 3rd party / who knows, his ego can go to some wild places when its hurt. Trump won the 2016 Primary so we didn't get to see that ego in full force. Him losing a primary will be a whooooooole different ball game.
We know that Donnie likes to perv on young girls [we know because he bragged about it on the Howard Stern radio show].
He was given a golden opportunity to endear himself to the Manhattan elite by saving the facade of a city landmark. He promised to preserve it, then demolished it, then lied about the promises.
I saw some speculation on Reddit about what Trump's big announcement was going to be. I thought he might run for House Speaker [legally possible according to actual Constitutional experts] and someone else opined it would be running for President as the thrid party candidate.