In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It is important to note that the board is appointed by Desantis and is primarily composed of his donors. It is not a meritocracy or composed of career bureaucrats.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
They're going to ban desperately needed healthcare and this shit is going to result in a lot of pointless suffering and deaths.
The recent surge of attacks on gender affirming care for trans youth have been , the , and the , and are out of line with the medical recommendations of the , the and , the , the , the , and the .
For preadolescents transition is entirely social, and for adolescents the first line of medical care is 100% temporary puberty delaying treatment that has no long term effects. Hormone therapy isn't an option until their mid teens, by which point the chances that they will "desist" are close to zero. Reconstructive genital surgery is not an option until their late teens/early 20's at the youngest. And transition-related medical care is recognized as medically necessary, frequently life saving medical care by every major medical authority.
What the story actually says: "The Florida medical board will vote Friday to approve a draft rule to effectively ban medical or surgical gender-affirming care for transgender individuals under 18.".
has a pretty good overview of why. , and are the guidelines from the AAP. TL;DR version - yes, young children can identify their own gender, and some of those young kids are trans. A child who is Gender A but who is assumed to be Gender B based on their visible anatomy at birth can suffer debilitating distress over this conflict. The "90% desist" claim is a myth based on debunked studies, and transition is a very long, slow, cautious process for trans youth.
This is very literally life saving medical care. If there is even a chance that an adolescent may be trans, there is absolutely no reason to withhold temporary and reversible hormone blockers to delay puberty for a little while until they're sure. This treatment does nothing but buy time by delaying the onset of permanent physical changes.
This treatment is very safe and well known, because it has been used for decades to delay puberty in children who would have otherwise started it inappropriately young. If an adolescent starts this treatment then realizes medical transition isn't what they need, they stop treatment and puberty picks up where it left off. There are no permanent effects, and it significantly improves trans youth's mental health and .
But if an adolescent starts this treatment, socially transitions (or continues if they have already done so), and by their early/mid-teens they still strongly identify as a gender atypical to their appearance at birth, the chances of them changing their minds later are basically zero. At that point hormone therapy becomes an option, and even that is still mostly reversible, especially in its early stages. The only really irreversible step is reconstructive genital surgery and/or the removal of one's gonads, which isn't an option until the patient is in their late teens at the earliest.
This specter of little kids being pressured into transition and rapidly pushed into permanent physical changes is a complete myth. It just isn't happening. And this fear-mongering results in nothing except trans youth who desperately do need to transition being discouraged and prevented from doing so. Withholding medical treatment from an adolescent who desperately needs it is not a neutral option.
The only disorders more common among trans people are those associated with abuse and discrimination - mainly anxiety and depression. Early transition , and . When prevented from transitioning about 40% of trans kids will attempt suicide. When able to transition that rate drops to the national average. Trans kids who socially transition early, have access to appropriate transition related medical treatment, and who are not subjected to abuse or discrimination are.
Transition , and the farther along in transition someone is the lower that risk gets. The ability to transition, along with family and social acceptance, are the .