Unfortunately “Support us or you’re all dead, your children are dead, and the future is dead” hasn’t been getting the point across. For better or worse, people listen when you interrupt their schedule. That’s how protesting works.
Actually the top love when the bottom's protest affects the bottom. They'll use that anger later to help sustain the division while they use their helicopters and planes.
For obvious reasons the response of most people will be “gosh those people are crazy, I’m certainly not going to support anything they want”.
To state the obvious: if you want to achieve something in politics you need to get people to like and support you not actively hate you. How well did being hated work for Liz Truss?
You're not convincing the pissed off motorist. You're highlighting the importance by pissing off motorists and therefore making it onto the rest of the country's news.
They have certainly started more conversation about “extreme and dangerous environmental terrorists/protestors” and the need for stricter anti-protest laws to stop them. And how such extremists have gone too far and shouldn’t be listened to.
Nobody is trying to convince anybody of anything. Their goal is to piss people off and generate conversation. It appears to be working _magnificently_.
There _were_ very few climate protests because there was no financial support for it. Now there is, hence the increase.
So the rest of the country also views you as insane sociopathic and selfish morons? Tarnishing the environmental movement as a whole, and making sure that no one will listen to your demands or support you politically?
Since it appears that some people have forgotten, non-violent and inconvenience protests have been the most effective way of getting your message out to the public for the better part of a century now. If you're so naive as to not understand the history of non-violent protests, I'd be more than happy to have a genuine discussion about the instances that non-violent and "annoying" protests have brought about sweeping changes.
People may want to save the planet, but Just Stop Oil obviously aren’t genuinely interested in stopping climate change, otherwise they would spend their time doing that not blocking roads.
And if you do want to help stop climate change the last thing you would want to do is follow the plans of a bunch of selfish idiots like them, right?
Their support is shrinking, not growing: they are overwhelmingly unpopular. What support they do get is from people looking from money from the American oil heiress who is backing the group.
_Shit tons_ of people are having kids. In fact, more people are having kids than not. In fact, _most people are having kids_.
Speak for yourself. If you're under the age of 50, Global Warming is going to significantly impact your life, if it hasn't already. You won't be "dead anyways", you will be "dead prematurely".
Too bad. Don't like climate protesters? We'd probably have a whole lot less climate protesters if we weren't driving ourselves over a existential cliff. But please, go on about how these little protests are such an inconvenience to people.
You also appear to know absolutely nothing about history -- People have been protesting over the climate since the 70's.
I did not claim this was a popular movement. Those are you words being put into my mouth so that you can make a point. If your statements can't stand on their own without putting words in peoples' mouths, then the point your making is probably bullshit.
And the thing being _totally ignored_ is the fact that disruptive protesting works, has worked, and will continue to work.
I'm not admitting anything, I'm not one of these protesters. If you want to know what drives them, then ask _them_, not me.
I don't think any of them are under any illusions that their protests are specifically ending climate change. Their goal isn't to end climate change through protest, their goal is to generate conversation around climate change. They are following in the footsteps of many _many_ successful non-violent movements of the 20th Century.
Oh, then disregard my previous statement. While there is a plethora of historical evidence showing that non-violent protests like these actually do produce results, I guess none of that means shit if AdventureBum doesn't think it'll work.