In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
House Republicans want the federal government to schedule the animal tranquilizer xylazine, one of the key components of a drug cocktail called “tranq dope” that’s been linked to horrific wounds and amputations and has spread to at least 39 states.
Dr. Nabarun Dasgupta, a scientist at the University of North Carolina, said on the street level, scheduling xylazine wouldn’t make much of a difference because it’s almost exclusively found mixed with drugs that are already illegal.
It's not an exercise in futility when their whole aim is to create problems that both seem urgent and are inherently unsolvable in the manner they've chosen. Futility is their runway. It's, in an increasingly overt manner no less, a sort of wealth redistribution system, except you know, redistribution from the people to the agency's pockets, which then gets doled out to local police in task forces. Voila, whoever they target are now paying twice to get oppressed. And what are you going to do about it? At least a shitty president or congressperson can be voted out. The DEA is the ultimate Advanced Persistent Threat.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Means to an end, that's all. They know that prohibition doesn't work, because if it did, they would no longer have that raison d'etre, and all the privileges like civil asset forfeiture and the exercise of power without oversight for its own sake. . A damning OIG report is pretty much the most severe consequence the agency and its employees can receive. No judge will sign off on a warrant for suspicionless collection of mass data? Use administrative warrants instead, self-signed and looks the same to anyone not versed in criminal and administrative law, which by the way not only covers most Americans but even most lawyers. The cartels finding that state efforts have cut off the lucrative marijuana market? No problem, the DEA will help you stay afloat by handling your money laundering needs as long as they get a cut. Afraid that congress might actually realize that they have the Constitutional authority to stop them? Just don't tell congress, like, ever, and fuck the law. Courts can at best address individual cases of blatant misconduct and even that stops at finger wagging and injunctive relief. They've positioned themselves in a place where they dictate the ground rules thanks to congressional abdication and cowardice. They can freely violate the Constitutional rights of citizens and suffer effectively no consequences, and boy have they taken advantage of that.
“Scheduling xylazine only increases individual penalties, without being a comprehensive solution,” he said, adding that a real solution would include funding for clinical research and wound care.
Dasgupta said he’s already seeing new drug combinations with substances that are similar to xylazine but with a greater risk of stopping a person from breathing.
“This is more of the same short-sighted and reactionary political grandstanding that may help politicians but won't help any American citizens and doesn’t solve any of our drug problems,” said Dr. Ryan Marino, medical director of toxicology and addiction medicine at University Hospitals in Cleveland, said. “Our toxic drug supply is a direct result of failed policy and a failed War on Drugs.”.