The imperial guard would mostly just shoot you in the head, and leave it at that, they wouldn't even hold a public execution just execute you on the spot. This... this is a whole other level of bad...
Nah, orks are forthright in their reasoning for war: a good fight is its own reward. This feels more like some Imperial Great Crusade shit (reminder: the Imperium were never the good guys).
Except it’s not a binary. There were plenty of healthy human civilizations that were destroyed during the Great Crusade for the simple crime of not wanting to live under the Emperor’s glowing, golden boot heel.
Video of a wagner POW who wanted to switch sides, got traded back and was filmed as he got his head smashed by sledgehammer alá ISIL levels of idiocy and barbarity.
Even the Red Army would just shoot you. They wouldn't pancake your head into a wall with a sledgehammer in front of your squad and then record it to show to other recruits.
After all, if Ukraine is sending defectors back to Russia as standing policy, that's a lot worse than the occasional kidnapping.
There's two conflicting statements from Russian journalists -- one, supported by the prisoner's own statements in the video before his murder, is that he was kidnapped in Kyiv and sent back to his unit by Russian sympathizers. I don't see why he'd lie about that since he knew he was about to be murdered regardless of what words came out of his mouth.
The other, claimed by Russian journalists, is that Ukraine accepted his defection, and then exchanged him for 20 Ukrainian POWs, knowing full well that he would be executed once returned to Russians.
I'm reluctant to believe that one since he was returned directly to his unit within Ukraine, whereas a prisoner swap would have sent him to Russia, not directly to his unit inside Ukraine. It also paints Ukraine in a far worse light, that they knowingly sent a man who had defected to his death in exchange for POWs. It sends a worse message to Russians who are thinking of defecting -- that Ukraine will not honour their defection and will bargain them away for POWs, after which they will be executed by their own country.
No idea about the rumours but basically as common sense I'd wager Wagner wanted to make an example and Ukraine wanted their own folk back.
Sure, random criminal russian wanting to switch sides is nice and all, but you'd trade that for your known folk anyday.