In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
My description is probably bad, but the idea is the government has a high standard when barring something a religion is using. It might meet that standard for heroin or something. Maybe not. I'm not aware of a decision where a particular drug was denied, but most religions aren't using something like heroin.
It true in the sense that the government doesn't really have a compelling reason to ban abortion. But, then the religious exemption wouldn't matter because it would be legal.
But you can't just claim a religious exemption on everything. Like, you can't do human sacrifices or dangerous drugs in a religious ceremony and have it be legal. You can do less dangerous drugs (like ayahuasca) and get a religious exemption though.
Yeah, this is true. Not that I expect the Con SC Justices to bend under the weight of hypocrisy, but it’s an argument that’s harder for them to circumvent in the future.
So, SCOTUS has (wrongly) decided there's a compelling government reason to ban abortion. The religious exemption argument won't work, because it isn't applicable to that kind of law, until that law itself is found unconstitutional.
No, everyone agrees murder is bad and the government has an obvious reason to try to stop people getting murdered.
It shouldn't have anything to do with religion. It shouldn't have anything to do with morals drawn from religion. It shouldn't be about the philosophy of when life starts. It really shouldn't matter at all.
Religious arguments should be invalid in courts, though as you said they are accepted despite this. Most arguments from religion can be presented secularly anyway. But presentation matters.