Never going to happen. There is a large percentage of the population would never accept higher meat prices. Just like lowering oil usage requires lowering lifestyle standards of the top 10% of the world's rich. Not going to happen, not in a democracy.
So, I also respect the heck out of people who want to make incremental changes on a consistent basis.
In addition to eating less meat, folks can also learn more about where their meat comes from. If you can afford it and have access, buying from a local farmer gives you more certainty about quality and practices. That said, I know many people are struggling to make ends meet and/or don't have access to farmers and ranchers.
In our community, there's a collaborative program between hunters, meat processors, and food banks. Hunters donate a deer/antelope/elk/etc, a certified facility processes it, and food banks can offer it to their clients. I benefitted from the program when I was struggling, and I was so grateful Plus, you get to skip the whole factory farming piece. Full bellies. Better environmental stewardship. It's a win/win.
Is it the reference to hunting? (Hunting is a nuanced issue that should be not be reduced to simply "good" or "bad.").
Or maybe it's a "killing any animal is bad/unethical" perspective. While I can understand where they are coming from, you're right to say that hunting serves a needed purpose. It also serves a cultural purpose for Indigenous people.
Local ranchers? ( I was pretty clear that I understood that local meats aren't something that are financially or geographically feasible for everyone. I just encourage those with means and access to consider it.).
I live in a town that has an urban deer problem. I kid you not. The city has to cull the herd(s) because the deer become a safety and health issue.
I know some people choose to give up meat and animal products entirely. I respect the heck out of that. However that's not an option for everyone, for a number of reasons I am happy to discuss.