In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It’s why I want to see all the normal people leave twitter as soon as possible and let the extremists rattle their sabers at each other.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Thank you for saying this. I was once asked in an interview if I had ever worked with difficult people. My answer was this: Everybody has bad days, including me. I want to give teammates the same grace they give me for being imperfect. If there's someone I don't particularly like, then that's my red flag to look in the mirror. I tend to dislike people who have characteristics that I'm not able to see in myself. Additionally, we can tell a lot about a person by the kinds of insults they hurl at others and the bits of our culture that they rail against. \[edited because there's a loose nut behind the keyboard\].
This picture of these 2 was taken during the state of the union. They were trying to heckle Biden as the exact moment he was praising the work of our service members….very classy.
> adj. relating to what is considered standard, average, typical, or healthy. This general meaning is applied in a variety of different contexts, including statistics (referring to scores that are within the usual or expected range), biology (referring to the absence of malformation or other pathology), and development (referring to progression and growth that are comparable to those seen in others of similar ages). However, the term is most often applied to behavior that conforms to a culturally accepted norm, especially as an indication that a person is mentally healthy and does not have a psychological disorder.