European countries have been adding more more intermittent renewable energy generation year after year.
Showing building grids around intermittent renewable energy backed by gas is a cost effective way in reducing carbon emissions.
Yet detractors keep saying that the intermittent nature of wind and solar make them unsuitable for mass adoption.
The intermittent nature of wind and solar is a real problem but not one that would stop them from giving a good average power output for the year. It instead means we still need a large capacity of energy generation with load following, which Europe had with oil and coal. A good baseline also helps which Europe has in some places with nuclear.
Nuclear does hurt more than it helps, since its insane costs could be put into more cost-effective options.
It also cannot be used to compliment renewables because it cannot be used for dispatchable power generation. Thus it directly competes with renewables for every Dollar/Euro being spend on the energy sector.
People who are truly concerned about the climate catastrophy ought to oppose nuclear power in favor of renewables and storage.
Only the up front costs are insane, reactors pay for themselves in 30 years then keep going for another 30, then get extended for another 20.
Baseline power does support renewables, if it’s not nuclear it’s more fossil fuels. You need to generate four times as much energy if you are going to store it, for example as potential energy, then turn it back in to electricity again.
They do not pay for themselves ever if you include all the externalities which currently are conveniently paid for by society. Nuclear power is a taxpayer scam where profits are privatized and costs are socialized.
Renewables are much cheaper power generators. Nuclear power costs about 5 times more than onshore wind power per kWh. Nuclear takes 5 to 17 years longer between planning and operation and produces on average 23 times the emissions per unit electricity generated.
So if you want to generate lots of energy for storage, you would be a fool to go for nuclear rather than renewables, even from a purely economical perspective.