What happens after Putin dies? He is not immortal. 20, 25 more years tops is all he has in the BEST scenario. But could be a lot less.
Yup. That’s one reason why most great conquerors maintained their empires only as long as they were alive. Genghis Kahn’s was falling apart by the second or third successor after his death. Alexander’s fell apart about fifteen minutes after he died. And honestly, even if they do plan for their death, once they die everyone who was obedient out of fear now has no reason to be afraid.
I mean there's a few contenders. I think Nikolai Patrushev has been floated as a likely successor if Putin dies soon. He's very close to Putin and was also former KGB. He was the head of the FSB and is now secretary of the Security Council, and is perhaps even more extreme than Putin when it comes to geopolitics. He's two years older than Putin but he has a son who's being groomed for power.
Medvedev seems to still be positioning himself as a possible successor. He's currently the Deputy Chairman of the Security Council and is a reliable lackey of Putin's.
At some point when Putin goes, Russia will probably fall into civil war between Military factions, and Oligarchs and their private armies like Wagner, or various security forces that will swear allegiance to different mafia goons, like OMON, MVD, Rosvgard, and even the FSB.
For those not familiar with Wagner, think Blackwater but way, way worse and also they’re Nazis. Estonia classifies them as terrorists, and they’re basically Putin’s private army when he wants illegal shit done.
There’s a Supreme Court case on the docket that is essentially going to end democracy here shortly in all but name. Basically instead of counting the votes of the people, state legislators will be able to give their electoral votes to whoever they want. which means places like Georgia will never go to democrats again, because no matter how hard Atlanta votes blue, the people representing bumfuck nowhere in the state legislature will outnumber the ones representing liberal areas.
But PMCs are illegal in Russia, so really at the end of the day Putin just does what he wants, I don’t know why they try to disguise what’s going on.
The call of white supremacy and hypernationalism is as tempting there as it is anywhere else. And it’s convenient for a dictator to have the loyalty of a group of young, angry, violent men who think they’re doing the right thing to purify the world.
Most of their white power and nationalist symbols aren’t outright Nazi symbols, but some of them have absolutely been pictured wearing swastikas and saluting. There’s neo-Nazis in every branch of the US military too, of course, but at least we generally kick out the ones who are blatant about it. Wagner embraces them and gives them targets to let loose their hatred upon.
And wielded as a cudgel. That also happens here in the US by the way- any one of us could probably be arrested for breaking some law or another that we don’t even know about. If they want you incarcerated they’ll find a reason. It’s just not as flagrant and open. Which I’m not 100% sure is all that much better than everyone being on the same page about what’s going on.
Yeah, that’s a fair point. They’re not really paramilitary, they’re Putin’s dogs that he can deny responsibility for via the thin veil of claiming PMC.