In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Wastewater department noticing a significant uptick in challenges in processing wastewater specific to human usage. Increase fats in diets, use of medicines, meth labs, and other people induced chemistry challenges hitting outfall limits. It takes longer and biological organisms in sewer plants are getting wrecked. Dilution is the solution, but significantly less water is making its way to waste systems because of the aforementioned water policy changes.
Water department wants to address potential future water shortage primarily through consumer conservation. They restrict outfall volumes through pushing low flow toilets, faucets, showers and tighten groundwater usage permits.
There's an eerie beauty in the decaying husks of Detroit factories. The way the morning frost clings to massive rusted panels that once had some now long-forgotten purpose. The rainbow streaks of oil coating algae-filled ponds of an almost luminescent green.
People like pretty spaces. Public lands preserve the natural beauty and native wildlife. Not every thing needs to be commodified. Republicans policies seem to pretend like we don't need air or water to survive.
This cycle is repeated over and over again. I used to do a lot of public outreach related to my profession. I've been on a break since Trump's second year. Too frustrating, too risky, not enough success stories. It'll get better when we get 8 years of Democrats in the feds.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Oh I know. I spent the first part of my career in environmental regulatory compliance. The shift away from preserving the environment has been a massive propaganda campaign. As much as I loathe "both sides" arguments, I have experienced the adverse affects of greenwashing or hard-line not-necessarily-science backed campaigns. The end result has a similar effect as pro-capitalist efforts - no one passes workable legislation and the public turns against supporting environmental causes on a broad scale.
Dumb regulations that only indirectly or slightly impact the problem while burdening lots of regular people are what happens when politicians really want to appear to fix a problem, but are totally unwilling to actually solve the problem by addressing the behavior of the businesses profiting off of the problem.
Nixon was very intelligent and politically competent; he also really hated some of the worst people in the country, ie the East Coast Republican elite.
These factors caused him to do many things that were actually pretty great, at least relative to what his successors have done in office.
I witnessed a screaming match at a regulator conference on this topic. None of the regulations did anything but increase the costs and burden to civilians which turned them against future solutions. Moreover, solutions were not developed in conjunction, had incomplete focus, and failed to respect scientific facts.
He destroyed real faith in American democracy, I think, so obviously he’s deep in the negative category on the whole. But at least he was a singular character acting as an actual leader, trying to make the country into his vision for it and fighting hard for it. His vision for America was mostly nightmarish, but I like to imagine that it’d be possible to elect another person like that, but good; that there is a potential for real change through politics. Every president that has followed him has failed to overcome being much more than a figurehead on top of the corporate leviathan. The best we can hope for now is just a figure who oversees a slight course correction for one of the parties.
Those factors are also part of what made him a monster. He didn’t just hate the old money WASPs who he competed with for power, he also hated…well, almost everybody seemingly, certainly black people and Jewish people and probably a hilariously broad category of people he’d call hippies or commies. And he used that cunning mind in the pursuit of power and hatred.
We have a lot of them. The federal government controls more than half of each of Idaho, Oregon, Alaska and Utah. States own some more. Of the eight states that the land is majority public land, all are Western States.