For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Considering the last republican president literally threatened to nuke clouds and people got behind him on it, yes. Fear the day though they actually try go assault the would be weather conditions with above average force. Many see it as a joke but its all too common for them to also shoot at tornados and in recent years, hurricanes with their guns.
In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
There are a few out there like Ben and Jerrys, but when a corporation does something like run an ad with a mixed race couple or do a gay pride month promotion, I promise you they have done a calculation that this will play well with the majority of their audience. When Ford and GM make a proclamation about going all or majority EV, it's because they see where the market is heading. When massive investment firms and banks talk about the environment, it's because they are reacting either to real financial impacts they are measuring or see customers care about these things.
Corporations aren't woke, but every MBA program focuses on the idea that the world is ever-changing, and if you aren't, you'll either at best have missed the opportunity to make money because you are chasing the trend or at worst end up like Blockbuster. That change-focused world view is out of step with conservative world views that often seem focused on stasis, isolation, and trying to turn back the clock to the good old days.
It only takes a brief moment in being a fully facist state for things to go full tilt, see Russia as example.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.