The biggest change is how the president and others are reacting to these revelations now and how the country populace really is treating corruption as unacceptable.
There are different people in leadership, and also ordinary people in Ukraine have fundamentally changed their attitudes. It takes time, but the change was visible even visually already a year ago, when the cities and villages looked better: the roads were better, the infrastructure was better, children's playgrounds, city administration buildings and so much more were better: because bit by bit, attitudes have changed and people started demanding that their local governments function for the benefit of the people and if not, many corrupt officials have gotten voted out.
Romania and Bulgaria (two other corrupt countries) were given candidacy in 2004 before being accepted in 2006 (and officially becoming members in 2007).
They both applied in 1995 while Bosnia applied in 2017 so slightly quicker for Bosnia but now it's when not if and when won't be that long.
The EU requirement is the big thing. If they didn’t make moves to embrace western democracy and remove political corruption they would not be joining the bloc after the war.
Yes but that's simply to say they're a candidate. They can be a candidate and the EU will regularly be checking in to see that they're making the required reforms for actually becoming a member. If they don't make the reforms, they don't join. If they take decades to reform, then it'll be decades before they join.
Was it perfect? Of course not. But so much better! Ironically, that didn't diminish people's fears of corruption -- to the point of almost conspiracy theories. But still, the prevailing attitude really did change substantially. I would say the major changing point was the Orange revolution and ousting of Yanukovich.
Turkey had applied for candidacy years ago and that was revoked when it became clear that Edregon’s policies did not respect the impartiality of the judiciary or of the press. So it can be revoked, it’s just that the EU takes educated guesses on who likely a country is to clean itself up after membership.
Turkey is totally different because they just stick 2 fingers up to membership (or Erdogan on behalf of Turkey does).
Turkey was a founding member of the council of Europe after the war and only fully left the EU sphere in 2011.