In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
These Federalist Society appointees are undoing decades of precedence of jurisprudence with every decision they make. Every decision favors conservatives. This is the long game they were playing. Giving three appointments to Trump opened the floodgates to legal cases that The Right has been complaining about for 40 years. And this current Supreme Court plans to rubber stamp all of them.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
bullshit. the 6-3 MAGA SCOTUS does whatever will fuck over America the most. They don't even glance at the law these days. Those fascist traitors just make shit up and we all know. Stop pretending there are laws that matter. That's a farce.
These “originalists” or “traditionalists” have no idea how insane they sound. What does this mean to be an “originalist”, simply that they wish to uphold the constitution exactly as they think the “founding fathers” intended for it to be. Now, who’s side do you think they would have been on during the revolutionary war. The people revolting “the americans” or “the british”? Well, as “originalists” most likely they would have wanted to keep the status quo and would have wanted to honor the people in charge, not the people trying to change things for the better. You can see a correlation here with religion as well. Who’s side would these same people have been on had they lived during “jesus” life. The man making trouble and looking for change, or the law as it stood. Of course they would have been yelling “crucify him” along with the rest of the rabble. So here now in modern times we have religious originalists, as I called them “traditionalists”, who are now faced with change and what do they want to do, keep the status quo. They have no idea of the irony they are living through as the defenders against change, against people that they so pretend to admire. The “founding fathers” were revolutionaries, “jesus” was a revolutionary and these people are exactly the types they were fighting against. Hypocrisy could not be any clearer.