Indonesia is not Iran. There are plenty of gays in Indonesia. There is no law against homosexuality and there are plenty of Christian, Buddhist, and Hindu communities there.
You do realise Indonesia almost banned Hinduism right? Theres a reason Bali Hinduism is monotheistic in a way not found in India or any other country. That's the path they were forced to go on to continue practicing their religion and not be labelled Kaffirs eligible for Islamic conversion.
Bro, if you don't like islam is fine. But please don't bring news just to fit your narrative. Indonesia is a multicultural country and has plenty of diverse religions and animism or dynamism. The only religion that was forced in Indonesia recently was Christianity.. It was forced by the colonialism regime. Most of us were taught how, Christianity, Hindu, Buddhism and Islam spread in Indonesia. Most of the Kingdoms in Indonesia converted to Islam due to trading and later on the kings. If you read how Kingdom raised and fell in Indonesia, Hinduism and Buddhism kingdom were also fought each other in Indonesia. During the last hindu King, they ran away because they didn't agree to convert to Islam. Hindu was already minority by then. This is probably 14th century or something.
And most of all, I am not shutting on Islam. I am asking you to recognise what the Islamic activism is doing that is stressing on other religion and minorities to stay in the comfort zone of these overlords or face derecognition.
I see you are completely avoiding the subject of the political action in 1952 where Non Monotheistic religion were set to be banned or derecognised by the Government.
Of course, LGBT still face a lot of discrimination in Indonesia, depending on the specific location (Indonesia is a mix of many different cultures and religions).
Israelis (including Israelis jews) can visit Indonesia with visa, though. Can't say the same with most of Muslim-majority countries.
Pretty sure Israelis can go to Turkey as well. What a coincidence that two of the most modern and democratic Muslim countries are also the most reasonable, and are also two of the least mentioned when discussing Islamic stereotypes.
Yes, in the province of Aceh which is a known conservative stronghold and a haven of Islamic extremism.
Aceh in particular has long sought even more autonomy from the central government so that they can implement even stricter interpretations of Islamic law, and has long chafed under leadership they feel is too tolerant, too liberal, and too Western.
Due to the fragmented and multi-cultural, multi-ethnic, multi-religious nature of Indonesia (not to mention the geographical challenges of managing thousands of islands separated by history and language), Indonesia is not as strong of a Federation as the USA. It's not as weak as the EU either, but they have similar issues juggling extremely diverse peoples. In order to prevent actual fragmentation and rebellion (of which there have been several), the central government must be careful as to how they challenge provincial powers.
Using Aceh as an example of Indonesia overall would be as egregious as highlighting laws in Mississippi to represent the US, or Hungary to represent the EU.
There are no national laws making homosexuality illegal in Indonesia, and there are many places where LGBT are relatively safe, free, and open about their sexualidad. Of course, just because it is legal doesn't mean that it is socially acceptable, and outside of the major cities and outside of the non-Islamic islands, most LGBT have to be very discrete for fear of discrimination, shunning, or even violence.
And note that while Indonesia is vastly and predominantly Muslim, there are areas that are almost entirely Buddhist, Hindu, and Christian within Indonesia that are tolerated and respected by the majority of said Muslims. Indonesians in general are very proud of their tolerance and multi-culturalism. You can find massive Christian cathedrals in Jakarta alongside Buddhist temples. Ensuring that these minorities are free to practice their religion is core to the Indonesian psyche. Alcohol is easy to come by, and you can even eat pork in many places. The entire society is based on mutual respect (i.e. don't shove pork in Muslims' faces and they won't try to stop you from eating it).
That said, (lack of) education and conservatism is still a problem in Indonesia, and they seem to be backsliding in many ways (a trend we see repeated worldwide these days). External influences (Saudis, Chinese, Russian, Western), as well as local power-hungry politicians are leveraging social media in scary ways to stir up passions and divisions. And as always, there is a large divide between more liberal city-dwellers and more traditional rural peoples, with Aceh having more in common with the latter.
Just because a law arises from commonly-held religious morals, doesn’t make a government a theocracy. A theocracy is literally rule by religion - where religious figures and religious structures exercise formal political power. For example, in Iran the Ayatollahs actually form part of the government which is superior to the "secular" "elected" officials.
By your definition, all of Western society would be a theocracy because basically all of our criminal laws are based on Judeo-Christian morals.
Furthermore, you are stretching the definitions of governmental types disingenuously beyond credulity. Different government categories are named by who has ultimate decision-making power. Influence alone does not constitute a government.
In a democracy, the people ultimate decide on laws (or decide on representatives who will make laws). In an autocracy, the autocrat decides laws. In an aristocracy, the aristocracy decides laws. In a technocracy, the technocrats decide laws. In a meritocracy, the meritorious decide laws. In a corporatocracy, the corporations decide laws.
In a theocracy, the religion decides laws. Unless the religion is directly writing, enacting, confirming, and enforcing the laws. It's not a theocracy.
Again, influence does not count as government. In any government, the people without direct power are indirectly or directly trying to influence the decides. This is true in any government and it's true in a democracy. The people with the ultimate power to decide are constantly being influenced by competing forces: corporations, religions, politicians, etc. As long as the people are the ones voting and the votes are free, fair, and uncorrupted, it's still a democracy.
Even in an autocracy or theocracy, the people (who don't have power) tend to have some influence over the authoritarian. That doesn't make those governments magically qualify as democracies.
Compare this to Iran, where among a long list of crimes, homosexuality, dissidence, apostasy, and blasphemy are punishable by death, and where at least a couple hundred people have been executed yearly:
While capital punishment is legal in Indonesia, no one has been executed in 6 years, and they are considering a moratorium on the death penalty.
Execution is only used for extreme cases of murder, rape, or sedition. Almost every execution in Indonesia in the past 20 years has been for drug trafficking (which carries very strict penalties throughout Asia, regardless of religion), with a notable exception being the execution of three involved in the Bali terrorist attack in 2008. No one has been executed for moral or religious violations, ever. Many years have had no executions, and the most ever killed in one year was 14 (all for drug trafficking.).
I'm glad you were introspective and self-aware enough to admit a lack of knowledge. I share your concern for increasing conservatism and regressivism in America and in Indonesia. Indonesia has a lot of problems - more than America I'd wager. And I'm not a fan of religion, period. I just don't think it's fair when the largest Muslim country, and the third largest democracy in the world, gets lumped in with more extremist and regressive countries like Iran.
Compare this to the USA, which executes more than ten times the number of people as Indonesia, despite having less than double the population. The Federal government alone has executed 13 people in the past two years, vs. Indonesia which has executed 0 in the past six years.