I was in Delhi for a few days in September. The air was horrible (AQI of 280), and I promptly caught bronchitis. I can’t imagine how bad it is with the extra smoke from agricultural fires.
I went 4 years ago and while some parts are beautiful, it was definitely not great for my health. Bronchitis, stomach flu, skin infections. Just a pretty 2/10 time, and the smell was an absolute assault on the senses. I felt like I had constant athsma 3-4 months later.
While I am happy to have visited India I don’t have asthma and it was still hard on my lungs. I had to borrow my host’s inhaler in Delhi. Kolkata was not as bad when I went. The humidity seemed to help. But Delhi and Agra were rough on my respiratory system straight away. I am sad to say it but if you have asthma I’d advise you to go somewhere else.
Yeah I feel like I might even be downplaying it, since I'm pretty sure my asthma triggers more easily still as of now 4 years later than before the trip. I used to only need my inhaler maybe once a year and around cats, now I gotta keep it with me just in case.
yeh its fucking realllllly bad i have asthma and i started having heart pain due to several times falling out of breathing properly /low oxygen.
also there is human feces everywhere so make sure you have every immunisation ever, I got hepititis and liver damage as a result.
Genuinely, I pride myself as having a pretty iron stomach and like traveling to more remote tiny areas, and had some crazy street food in places like Vietnam, Philippines- but my god I've never been taken out until I went to India.
I did get sick from street Thai coconut once, but I think in general everything in SEA is on a big grill/wok or put to flame and cooked.
I noticed a lot of street food in India had a lot more spices and curries that are sitting around all day in stagnant water and mixed with either old utensils or straight up by hand - hands that also handle money.
I tried some pani puri from a street vendor and he dipped the shells by hand in spiced water. Got wrecked for 1 week from that.
indias air pollution is entirely their own fault. they have zero real regulation on air quality due to corruption and selfishness in their culture.
everyone should be made to visit india to show them what can happen to the world if we dont start working together to ensure we protect out natural environment, our social welfare and basically every law and stamping out corruption.
they have brown coal poweplants inside the city that literally blow thru the city, gas refineries that have no capture systems, and millions upon millions of people burning random shit they find of the street to cook with or to keep warm.
I once saw a huddle of taxi drivers around a fire made out of plastic packing wrappers just billowing pitch black smoke straight into the windows of the 20 storey apartemnt block above them.