In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
No you don’t, you need a good candidate that will put in the work to win voters with differing opinions. Katie Porter is hardly what most would call moderate, but won her swing district. Warnock and Ossoff are fairly progressive, as is Fetterman and they won their purple states. Just because a moderate can win a race doesn’t mean only a moderate can win.
The left needs to win primaries. It's as simple as that. And they have won plenty. Things are getting better slowly but surely.
I mean, that meme isn't wrong. Power concedes nothing without a fight, and the Democratic Party still represents the interests of Capital. Capital is not friendly or an ally to the interests of Labor. The rail strike is one of the most clear-cut examples right now.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Yeah, your blanket “run moderates in swing districts” statement was simplistic, and that’s why I commented. It depends on the district and candidates as well and the issues they choose to lean into. You have to run good candidates that campaign their butts off to connect with their constituents. Purple states are just big gerrymandered districts, so I disagree with you on that. Same rules apply. Turn out your base and run on a message with broad appeal everywhere in the district.
The sheer amount of buzzwords. "Corporate democrat" literally just means "democrat I don't like" to common dreams. The fuck does "CIA agent" matter? Is "CIA" literally all that is required to criticize someone?
But don't let common dreams pass up on the chance to turn a tweet into an article. Apparently they have no qualms supporting Musk lol.