In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I know it’s just anecdotal, but I keep seeing stories from people saying they are factoring in red state vs blue state when it comes to college applications, particularly women who are concerned about the anti-abortion laws getting passed. It will be interesting to see if admissions data show a trend, or if it’s just talk.
He'll be in some fancy house up on a mountain somewhere, not in Florida, happily retired. Smoking large cigars rolled with the finest lost hopes and dreams of his millions of constitutes.
I feel for all of my fellow students and I hope we see a new student-led grassroots movement to push back against what DeSantis is doing soon in FL.
Last semester, I transferred to an out-of-state university to get away from Florida’s university system. I’ll be finishing the full move by getting tf out of FL and finishing my degree on the northwest coast in a couple of months. Ive only had one full semester at my new university but I am absolutely blown away by how different the professors and atmosphere are, even as an online/distance student rn. Not only is every part of the financial aid system so straight forward and simple at my new uni, everyone is so fucking patient and understanding. Every single professor has gone the extra mile to work with me, my advisors and deans make me actually feel encouraged and motivated, and the university takes student comfort and safety seriously. Not only that, the classes feel more engaging and seem like they practice way more critical thought when teaching new concepts. I’m blown away by how different this feels than any of the three Southern universities I’ve been to. Like, it feels weird to think universities in the Northern US could be this different than Southern ones, but as someone who’s been doing the college thing for a while and spent time at universities in Texas and Florida, it really feels that way.
After I got horribly sick with Covid two semesters in a row because we were forced to be on campus despite being at peak covid infections in FL, I knew it was time to go. On top of that, allowing strangers to come on campus and harass students about hellfire and abortion was absolutely fucking insane. I couldn’t walk from one class to another without some grown man spraying spit at me while he screamed that we were all going to hell for wearing shorts and tank tops IN FLORIDA. Not to mention the joy of having to walk past billboard sized banners they allowed off-campus, unoffiliated groups to post in the student union of diced up fetuses and dead babies while some moron yelled that abortion was worse than the holocaust on a fucking bullhorn. But, hey, freedom of speech for the people who aren’t even students is way more important than an actual students comfort on a Florida campus, amirite?
I went to a larger university in FL and like another commented, larger schools are typically way more understaffed leading to a lot of the issues I had. Your experiences is totally valid, and I have one like that too from back in TX when I first started my college journey. The community college I went to in TX was a similar experience for me as you described but it was a smaller college with about a 1:20 ratio of students to professors which really makes a difference.
I’m really glad you had that experience at the school in FL. I wish all students had that because it genuinely helps alleviate so much stress.