China's passing some interesting policies to protect the environment nowadays. They're licensing emissions with a quota system, and there's been a lot of thought put into establishing a 'circular economy' system -- i.e. manufacturers create products, which are bought and used by consumers, who are incentivised to return those products to recycling companies at the end of their life spans, who break these products down for materials, which are passed to manufacturers to create more products. The idea is to minimise waste as much as possible, and use as much recycled material in products as possible.
I am most certainly not one to toot the CCP's horn, but they are well aware of the oncoming climate crisis and appear to be working to mitigate it. Xi Jinping's speech at the latest congress had a section devoted to improving the climate and creating a society where people could live sustainably in harmony with nature -- the feel is very much that they're aware that a climate crisis would create unrest, so they want to get on top of it.
Certain large companies have been enlisted as 'model' companies to pilot the schemes, which I assume is intended to demonstrate how successful these are, iron out some kinks with companies that can absorb the shock from beginners' mistakes, and solve issues to stop smaller companies from complaining once it is rolled out further and becomes mandatory. (These policies are issued as part of 5-year-plans, and the current 5-year-plan establishes the policies and pilot schemes).
OFC these are the policies from the central government. Local governments then need to pass their own policies in line with the central ones, and establish the departments/mechanisms to actually handle and enforce this. (Enforcement is mentioned in the central government policies, but I have no idea if a budget is provided or anything.).
One advantage of totalitarian governments is that if they set a goal, it gets done. The bad news is that the goals are like a mixed bag chocolates. It can be a circular economy, or genocide. 🤷‍♂️.
"It gets done .... on paper, with as much corruption as possible. (Actual results may vary from reported ones)" You people just cant give up on presenting authoritarians as top fixers, can you? Every time one of them shits their bed, from COVID policies to killing protesters there is blessed silence about that bs for a time, and then, 2 weeks later, "Authies get shit done" guys crawl back out of the woodworks.
We'll see how it plays out; some of the policies do look very interesting and, if successful, I'd like to see something similar implemented in my own country.
Unless the regime changes and the next guy resents being associated with ongoing projects started by his predecessor. Then those long-term goals become expensive wastes of time.