In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Those sweeping reforms like new deal happened because democrats had supermajority in both house and senate. We don't have that. So, it's not gonna happen short of getting rid of filibuster. Which is not a good idea w conservative supreme court and how flippy congress is.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Biden's bills are laying the groundwork for more progressive agendas. Some progressives expect someone to come in and magically enact sweeping progressive reforms.
Things don't happen like that in real world, it happens gradually with each bill building upon the existing bills. You know how long it took from elimination of slavery to black ppl gaining rights and their continuing fight for equality?
But, these impatient uninformed voters just criticize him for his age and for "not doing enough". They should wake the fuck up and face reality. Cuz you will end up with trump or DeSantis otherwise and I don't think democracy will survive that.
Sorry, but I'm gonna call bullshit on your take. History simply doesn't agree. The US has a long track record of sweeping left-wing social, political, and economic reform in a single presidency. In fact, it's the rule and not the exception.
The antitrust movement took less than 20 years to achieve legislative and judicial victories. The New Deal didn't "happen gradually" over generations. It was a total 180 degree shift in domestic policy that took fewer than two presidential terms. The Great Society -- a truly massive suite of new social programs -- was signed into law over the course of only two years.
These are not major asks. Frankly, given the crises we find ourselves in, they're pretty trifling. They do not require significant restructuring of US society nor leaps into the unknown, as progressive policies of the past have.
Comparatively speaking, progressives today are making pretty meager requests of their corporate centrist brethren. Review and repeal of racist policing and sentencing laws. Health care for all. Minor tweaks to better ensure consumer and worker rights. Tax reform. Greater investment in renewable energy.