This government does not give a fuck about our people. Could you imagine the US government opening fire on the subway in the US? Or the British raining bullets on the Tube in London?
Worth noting the people who were beaten by the police were not protesters in that incident. There were tensions between pro-democratic group and pro-government group in one train, but the police ended up boarding another train and beat civilians there.
Exactly, the Hong Kong protest was ascendant when the police used violence liberally, and quickly died down once the police learned to put up a facade of restraint in public view, while more radical elements of the protestors turned violent.
With the amount of oil they control, they know no other government with high global standing will take meaningful action against them, especially not from within Europe whilst they're in the midst of an energy crisis. Tragically, the Iranian people are alone in their fight.
Yes but we're clearly overreacting when we say the government handed 15,000 prisoners death sentences.
This government does not give notice when they kill you. They just kill you. So when 227 out of 290 members of parliament say Iranians should be punished with the harshest means possible - a government that executed the second highest number of people in 2017-2020 in the world according to deathpenaltyinfo.org - yes it is effectively a mass death sentence.
The Islamic Republic's enemy is not the US or Israel, it is their own citizens. It always has been. It's why until this movement, everybody in my life or family, no matter where in the world we lived outside of Iran, was silent about this regime in public. Because they literally watch what those of us in the diaspora say. And none of us could ever return if we said anything openly critical of them.
But no more. If my people are out in the streets fighting and dying, the least I could do is talk about it and deliver their message. Fuck this regime. Fuck what they've done to our people. Fuck what they've done to our perception across the globe. Fuck them for getting rich while they beat the blood for the poor.
You are all now being exposed to their evil, perhaps the the first time. I've carried the pain of knowing their harm for my entire life in the diaspora. And I'm one of the lucky ones.
Thank you ♥️. This is the Iran my parents grew up in. It was by no means a utopia, they had problems just like any other country. But it was a live able country. A fun one to visit and one you could be proud to be from.
We Iranians are old, our culture has survived thousands of years. I really believe we can take our country back. My heart just breaks for all the brutality and lives lost until we get there.