in Russia, the church has long been a business. there are donation boxes for the church in every store. the clergy drive expensive cars, wear expensive watches. they are like rappers in the united states.
That's a weirdly rebellious version of the witch trials. Occurring in the wrong jurisdictions, issuing illegal sentences, and persisting despite the whole thing being prohibited from the ground up. I can't say that I understand.
Okay. Don't want to get all r/atheism on it or anything, I have no personal issue with religion or religious people in general but historically the 'church' worked as a means of control and centralization of power and as a source of fuedal legitimacy.
Oh yes because the historical Catholic and Orthodox churches were all sunshine and rainbows. Back to the good ol days of witch burnings and pogroms right?
Funny thing is that he Roman Catholic Church and Orthodox Church were strongly anti-witch burnings. Those happened overwhelmingly in protestant nations. Not saying that there weren't wackadoos. I mean the Malleus Maleficarum was certainly written by a Catholic, but only the Anglicans had a "Witch-hunter General".
If you’re referring to Matthew Hopkins as the ‘Witchfinder General’ that was never an officially sanctioned title, and he wasn’t appointed by any church body either.
He was a self-styled con-artist and serial-killer who latched onto the huge political upheavals in England at the time to scapegoat ‘witches’ as part of a more general moral panic.
As a result the number of witch-hunts in Catholic majority areas is miniscule. Ireland, for example, only really had the one major panic and even that was primarily in the Puritan communities. It was Protestant communities who held that witches were a real thing that were out to get you had regular hunts.
Even the Spanish Inquisition killed fewer people a year than Texas does today. It was very much an oppressive organization under the control of the King of Spain, but exactly how oppressive has been overblown in the popular imagination. When it comes to witches the official stance of the Catholic Church is that witchcraft is people being deluded by Satan rather than there being any actual power involved. The witch trials that occurred were quite likely to result in acquittal if one of the various inquisitions were involved, purely civil courts were much more likely to return a guilty verdict but then you weren't really trying to prove that they were a witch so much as you were trying to prove that they were an asshole that everyone hated.
Ah pretty sure plenty of witches were hanged or otherwise executed in catholic strongholds like Poland-Lithuania. Maybe burning was the wrong term as you're right, as far as I know, burning was more of a protestant/Anglican thing. Still, the catholics had their fair share of 'witch' blood on their hands.
I wasn't aware of the Polish trials, but there appear to be some 3,500 executions over slightly more than 200 years. This is more or less in line with what happened in western European nations like Germany and the UK, with the added wrinkle of it being made illegal but local civil courts flouting that restriction.
From a relatively early date (1543) the rules were to have witch trials in religious courts, but city and estate courts repeatedly and unlawfully claimed jurisdiction in virtually all the cases that resulted in executions. Then, before the craze really kicked off (1672) the death penalty was banned without express consent by the High Court, but those local civil courts just did what they wanted anyways. The High Court actually sent out agents to interrupt witch trials, most notably in Łęczyca 1702 and Przemyśl 1756. Despite that, it doesn't appear that local courts got the message. The Sjem banned trials for witchcraft outright in 1776, but the witch trials survived the end of the Commonwealth and continued into the 1830s despite similar bans from German, Austrian, and Russian authorities.
The research is well documented that religious people report a greater level of satisfaction with their lives, there's definitely a lesson to be noted there but I fully disagree that religious institutions have benefited humanity overall.