In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
DeSantis’ lawyers literally defined woke as being aware of systemic racism and the history of oppression of minorities. It would be satire in any other setting that these people have real power.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
We all know that, but his “my pronouns are prosecute/Fauci” is some next level fucking laziness. At this rate he’ll be tweeting “build the wall”, “lock her up” and “NFL players can’t kneel” in no time. The dude can’t even evolve the troll.
He has already been tweeting about the "woke mind virus," which is one of the right's favorite boogeymen. Fun fact the right loves using the word "woke" because it sounds like something a black person would say, so it doubles as a nice racist dog whistle.
I could be wrong, but I believe he has a trans daughter. Can you even fathom the emotional and intellectual bankruptcy this idiot has that he can drop such hateful shit. And we’re past the point of joking. He knows this translates to violence, unless he’s impossibly thick. Maybe he is. Maybe he’s that stupid.
I’ll join you in the armchair psychology. I wonder if he gets a kick knowing that she’ll read his crap because he knows everything he says at this stage will be spread across every news site in existence? What a man.
His shit posting is so derivative it’s embarrassing. And I believe it’s actually him and not some PR people tweeting which is even sadder. There’s just nothing to the man but the raw power of his unbridled wealth.
It seems endemic to people with planet-sized egos to take criticism and pushback as personal attacks (lookin at you Ye, Trump, Musk, et al). They can’t stand being seen as less than worthy of absolute adoration and loyalty despite being just one more human on a planet of 8 billion, like having more money somehow elevates them.
Most people with this kind of power and reach would at least be creative. His shit is so vacuous and by-the-book you have to conclude that he’s just stupid. Like I know a lot of his fans are high fiving at his “controversial” pronoun tweet. But when you think about it it’s just so god damned lazy and mindless. It’s just a hot button right wing talking point that’s been done to death.
You’re right of course. Apologies. I hope prosecute finds prosecutes way so prosecute doesn’t keep wasting space with prosecutes uninspired, intellectually bankrupt shit.