As much as I don't give a flying fuck about some stupid religion's holy books and think people should have a right to burn them if they want and make any political statement they want. I can't help but think that what these groups really want is for governments to stop them from doing it.
The only ways this could possibly go, is the extremists outside of the country using it as ammo, or the extremists inside the country using it as ammo. Pick your poison.
There is audacity on both sides, and I’m not interested in trying to rank them against each other. My issue is with anyone trying to force their way of life on anyone as they just disregard another person’s.
I'm really starting to have a seriously deep aversion to any form of nationalism and religion. Even though I understand rationally that nationalism and religion in moderation can be healthy and even beneficial to a society. I can't help but have a truly deep, visceral hatred for both of them now. It's irrational.
It's all disingenuous anyway because the point of all these protests is to derail NATO connecting with Sweden and Finland. Sure seems like there's more than enough plausible deniability to go around.
I personally don’t have an issue burning a religious book, I don’t even have an issue that it makes some people feel so upset.
Some types of issues just cannot be resolved in mediation, some types of people just cannot live in a place that doesn’t represent their beliefs.
It really seems to be one of the insoluble problems of democracy. How do you make an optimal society for as many people as possible, when people consistently emerge who can't coexist with other people for what appears to be extremely trivial reasons no matter what you do?
Voicing your desire to imminently commit a crime is illegal, but is also not defended by the usual self-proclaimed 'free speech absolutists', for example.
They're clearly not what they claim to be, all things considered - it's introducing a caveat into the ideal of free speech, a view which by definition is not absolutist.
It's usually the book-burners that go on to be people-burners. See Germany in the 1930s-1945 for an example of that in action.