I mean when a group of soldiers signal their surrender but then one of them pops out a gun and starts shooting... no one surrendered... there were no prisoners of war... the people killed were, willing or not, active combatants in a war their country started and the guy who shot decided to actively continue.
It sucks to be taken out while laying on the ground with your arms up but it sucks a whole lot more to accept a false surrender and be ambushed.
I don't know what the UN thinks it's going to find in a review. I would 100% of the time kill first and ask questions later under these circumstances. IMO the guy who opened fire on the Ukrainian soldiers is responsible for the deaths.
I saw the video, just another imagine of why war is terrible for all people regardless if you have your hands up in surrender or not.
If not for the last guy they would’ve all lived, but the last guy had to pull the trigger, if he had lived, he would be responsible for his comrades and Ukrainians deaths for sure.
I’m sure he didn’t live. But honestly that video was nothing less then an example of how awful war is.
If there is any other footage that is missing I guess they hope to get it. If these 10 guys were shot while lying on the ground with their hands behind their head than this is a war crime, regardless of if some other guy started shooting at the Ukrainian soldiers...
What's more shocking is that someone video taped It and put it online... Who would do that and why? Perhaps someone who feels guilty? Or some kind of power flex?
Agree to disagree I guess. When a bunch of guys surrender and one of them pulls a gun, no one surrendered and all of them are enemy combatants. Every single one of the guys on the floor could, and should, be assumed armed with ill intent at that point. It's not a war crime to save your own freaking life.
I would be able to agree with you IF they had all been searched and were all restrained. As it was, any one of these men could have still been armed and all of them were still potentially dangerous as the surrender was being violated.