Their book taught them that women are cattle and non believers should be killed when the time is right - how on earth could they ever respect other people more or equal to it?
There’s actually a lot of good stuff in the Quran, especially for the time period it was written in. The problem is that it’s a religious book, and those always have fucked up bad shit alongside the good so it’s basically a net neutral. That, and like most religious books it was written over a thousand years ago, and none of them are really fully compatible with modernity.
There are plenty of good things in star wars and star trek and Harry Potter but ain't no one killing people that don't like the books or people that burn them.
Religion is like Santa. It's set up to make you be a good person with the promise of something good later.
The problem, and spoiler alert ahead, is that you shouldn't need someone or something to tell you how to be a good person or what is right. It's just common sense; don't be an asshole. If you do need to be told, then you're the problem. How hard is it to not be an asshole and control others?
Believe me we’re in the same side. I think religion is stupid but we still have to live alongside religious people so let’s at least try to see things accurately. Believing in a magical sky man that will punish you if you don’t love him is ducking dumb, but what can you do?
Like a comedian said once, religion is like a penis. It's fine to have one, but don't go and shove it down other people's throats. Most of them do, especially priests/pastors lol.
It's even fine to be told. My parents also needed to tell me to behave when i was a kid. But don't throw away all responsibility and cast it on some fictional character.
Common sense isn't so common and should be considered a superpower now lol. And it should never require religion, if it does then that person needs some real soul searching to get it.
I just don't understand how these groups of people have the audacity to ask "well if you don't follow God (which is also allah in Arabic) how are you a good person" like it's the fuckin answer to life.
Before those religions existed, there were normal people who didn't kill each other and murderers, that were cast out of society. With those books, people assume that only the book made them not murder each other. There's no benefit to it. But we DID see the powerful religious leaders abuse the power to kill people. Look how even today people are executed in iran and call it a net neutral.
Go read it if you don’t believe me. It’s a mixed bag and I personally think all religions are dumb and not true. But I don’t think I’ve ever heard Andrew tate say something good. Just because the only muslims you ever listen to are the red necks of the Muslim world doesn’t mean they’re the only ones out there. It would be like judging all Christians by the southern baptists.
Guy if you think that people weren’t doing the same shit before organized religion then I don’t know what to tell you. And I’m saying this as someone that mostly thinks organized religion has hurt humanity more than it has helped.
But there are religious charities, and there are people who live a more moral life because of their faith. Do I think they need their faith to live a moral life? Absolutely not. Do I think there’s an inherent link between morality and religion? No. The morality is inherent to humanity, as is the propensity to exploit power structures like is done through religion. It’s all human shit, religion is just one of the masks we wear when we express our human nature, both good and bad.