Imagine 800 bananas (which give off naturally occurring radiation) blended into an Olympic swimming pool. Now imagine that one pool dumped into the ocean. Yeah, near the outlet you might notice the raised radiation level but after 100 meters this falls to near background levels and less than you'd measure on a California beach with granite runoff.
Calling this water “nuclear waste” is an exaggeration. Concentration of the radioactive particles in the water is the key. They are proposing to release water containing very dilute amounts of radioactive particles. The water will be scrubbed of radioactive material and will be further diluted once it is in the ocean. This is cleaned up cooling water that has been stockpiled since the accident, not hot waste.
"By diluting the wastewater and releasing into the ocean exposure would increase by 0.81 microsieverts over a year period".
Please bear in mind this is the same as eating 800 bananas over a 1 year period. A little bit of perspective for everyone, what a shame what we laughingly call "journalists" are incapable of even Googling simple facts.
It's also conversely the aim of other parts of the internet to bury their head in the sand every time the ugly side to Fission power rears its head.
The effects of this release, and whatever they are they aren't zero, conveniently won't get reflected in the statistics this group shares when they say Fission is the safest, purest, most wholesome power source god has given man.
The Chernobyl area will see an uptick in cancer etc in the near future due to the shelling and trench digging in the area re-exposing radioactive dirt. Will it be tied to the Chernobyl disaster? Unlikely, and this is an obvious in your face consequence.
This is my point. It hasn't been counted. Only that which can be concretely associated with the disasters is. The problem with Fission related statistics is a lot of the effects get buried in obscurity.
How many cancers etc on the west coast of NA will be proven to be a result of the initial Fukushima release? None. At best you get a 'well, the math says this is probably the responsible portion but we can't be sure'. 20 saw an uptick in cancer of X percent but that could be because of the wildfires yadda yadda...
They have experts from around the world working on this. A friend of mine who is a specialist on nuclear chemistry has been regularly going over there to consult on the issue ever since the accident.