It's very difficult for them to transition out of the zero covid policy at present. People in China are sick of lockdowns, but the problem is they are also widely nervous about COVID ripping through.
With the population being relatively untouched thus far and their vaccines having lower efficacy vs. omicron, they likely would see serious death tolls in short order if it went through the country unchecked today. It could cause chaos.
afaik they aren't buying time waiting for western vaccines to be imported. The Chinese government is specifically preventing western vaccines from being imported in favor of locally made vaccines.
They are sort of painted into a corner and are still trying to buy time for a) western vaccines to be imported and hopefully b) yet another weaker variant to become dominant.
A lot of people I work with in the China field think this is the last wave of lockdowns and they are aiming to phase into some kind of reopening in the spring/summer 2023.
I was trying to contextualize the current round of lockdowns and why they are still stubbornly pursuing them right now, not their entire history of battling covid.
This is a strange take and pretty much masks China’s inability to recognize they need the West’s help. Its not like Pfizer, Moderna, or even Novavax are unable to help.
Large parts of the world are now awash with Pfizer and Moderna covid vaccines. There is no supply side issue.
You're right. There is no supply side issue. There are indications, however, that they are finally moving to approve western vaccines:
China’s outright refusal and unfair trade practice is the reason why they arent getting the much needed efficacious vaccines. It was only 4 years ago did they finally give the nod to Western vaccines for fucking HPV (cancer vaccine!).
Just announce that they've beaten COVID and send anyone who dares question to "re-education camps." Surely they need to be educated believing things other than the government says.
There has been a lot of speculation among China experts, at least my colleagues, that this indicates they are on the verge of changing course to approve + import Western vaccines.
Pfizer, Moderna, and Novavax have already come out with reports that they are reducing their outlook for covid vaccines as they see vaccine boosters being administered waining. If China really wanted to end their lockdowns and worried about public safety for real, they would’ve made calls by now.
That's what I'm referring to, and I believe it is relevant to their stubborn imposition of this current (and possibly final) set of lockdowns.
If the CCP were replaced by ultra Han nationalists, repression of all minorities could increase - you might end up with much more extreme form of genocide than current forced assimilation policies in Xinjiang. Same goes for Tibet.
Be careful what you wish for. For all the issues with Xi, you have no idea what might replace him. It's not likely to be some Western-loving reformist.
That's assuming there would be a stable replacement. If the collapse of the CCP descended into another civil war we could see thousands if not millions of extra deaths before whatever government emerged.
You could have a government with far more aggressive military ambitions, increasing the risk of war with surrounding countries.