In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Already Submitted: This article has been submitted to /r/politics _within_ the last three days, and has been removed for violating however you can see that thread here:
The Post reported on the many questions about biographical claims from Rep. Anna Paulina Luna (R-Fla.). She has told conflicting stories as to whether she is Jewish. She claimed to have been raised as a “Messianic Jew,” but relatives say her father was Catholic. (In fact, her grandfather fought for Nazi Germany.) She changed her last name from Mayerhofer to Luna, and The Post found no evidence for her claims that her father was incarcerated for long periods. Other claims that she was traumatized by a home invasion in 2010 did not check out, either.
I'm a bot and sometimes I make mistakes. If you have any questions about this removal, please feel free to ).
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
So far, nobody beats Rep. George Santos (R-N.Y.) when it comes to fictitious resumes. He seems to have lied about virtually his entire life experience — from his volleyball career to his college education to his mother’s death on 9/11 to his family’s flight from the Holocaust. He appears to have played fast and loose with finances as well. He now faces criminal inquiries about whether he conducted scams (even one about service dogs!) and misrepresented information on his campaign disclosure forms. (Santos, though he has admitted to fabricating his background, has consistently denied claims of wrongdoing.).
Then there’s Rep. Andrew Ogles (R-Tenn.), who, contrary to claims he made in his election campaign, is not an economist. Tennessee’s NewsChannel 5 reports that Ogles has no degree in economics and was never employed as one. Moreover, his claim that he was a “trained police officer and international sex crimes expert” was reminiscent of failed Georgia Senate candidate Herschel Walker’s wild exaggerations about working for law enforcement; in reality, Ogles was a volunteer reserve deputy.