Very true. But in the event of a war, the government needs to keep its population creators in the country so that they keep making babies. If a country has a deviating war and they loose both genders, the country will continue to suffer far longer than 1 generation.
At this level, the rule makers aren't looking at individual equality but instead long term preservation. If they send all people, they loose population in the current and future generations. Instead they want/need a baby boom after.
The nazis did something like this prior to the war they started. Not forced breeding but propaganda encouraging children, and then a follow-on program for raising them.
This was the Lebensborn program. While a common misperception was that it was a " breeding" program, in fact it was more " unwed mothers homes". Good Aryan young ladies who found themselves in this predictament when it was not accepted to be an unwed mothers were encouraged to place their infants into these homes, where they were placed for adoption with good party members.
The encouragement for families was the " kinder, kuche, kurche" propoganda. " children, kitchen, church". Married women were encouraged to be good homemakers and have lots of babies. The purpose of the BDM- the girls version of the Hitler Youth- was to teach girls these skills in order to be suitable wives and mothers for the Reich Matches between BDM girls and HY/ party members boys were encouraged.
Realizing that they needed even more children, the Germans also instituted a policy of kidnapping young " aryan looking" children from occupied countries and giving them to party member families. Fictitious records and birth certificates were created in order to obscure the origin of these children, making it nearly impossible to trace or find them after the war.
To the surprise of no one, the response generally wasn't very well-received by the public (including women too) as it watered down the sacrifices that men have been obliged to make since 1967 when mandatory conscription first became a legal duty for us men.
Recently it's been gaining attention once again within the locals news, podcasts and general chit chat amongst the public because covid really put a dent on our healthcare system and many people felt women could be conscripted to take on non-combative roles such as nurses, drivers, logistics personnel, etc. to fill the holes in our workforce that we weren't aware existed until covid hit us hard.