Here's a quote from Reuters, which I think is critically important when we're talking about this subject;.
If it does happen, there's plenty of room to walk back on the timeline, the underlying laws themselves, and most importantly, an alternative authority to monitor and enforce these laws could be created tomorrow.
The organization repsonsible for mahsa amini's murder is a police ordinance called "پلیس امنیت اخلاقی"(literal translation: moral security police) or known by non Iranians as the morality police.
The morality police still exist. The laws they enforce still exist and those detention centers that mahsa amini got murdered in them still function.
There should be no such thing as religious rulers. Religious should be a choice for people. Not mandatory or expected. They really need to be charged for the crimes they committed against the people.
The attorney general doesn't have the authority to make this call. And there is no evidence it will actually happen.
I agree, but those at the top had to do something. Their only other option would have been to turn the military loose and I suspect some top military officials said they sided with the population. Days of the religious rulers may be numbered.
this is a desperate propoganda attempt by the regime and they weren't even willing to actually do it to. They just lied to y'all.
No one ever has said they'll abolish it( some articles already claiming it's abolished). And trust me it's a lie when they will. What really have been said that "گشت ارشاد"(literal translation: guidance patrol) will be abolished by someone who isn't even responsible for it. Guidance patrol is basically a police unit within the morality police that wanders around the city targetlessly just to find one. This unit is supposedly being abolished.
Any Newyork times post about Iran written by farnaz fassihi is propoganda. She's a notorious regime apologist.
Edit: follow r/newiran for accurate news. Iran's information and journalism is completely community driven.