In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I think it is important that people know exactly who is getting behind Santos these days and first cab off the rank of right-wing leeches that are latching on to Santos is Vish Burra.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
No. He and the Republican Party know they lie straight to our faces and they do not care. A thousand more ‘scandals’ (lol) like this have come before just like more will come after. This is non-news, and certainly nothing that will ‘bring down’ anyone like him or the other lying conservatives. They couldn’t care less.
There is literally NO LOW TOO LOW. The GOP has absolutely no shame and could not possibly care less about these scandals. Their voters have made clear that being a shitty person is an electoral asset, not a detriment. The only sin Republicans care about is hurting the election chances of other Repubs or negatively impacting their ability to be corrupt af.
Anything shy of that is not only going to be ignored, it may be actively celebrated, whether privately or openly.
Santos is treated like an inept fool for his ridiculously easy to disprove lies and the general shambles of a life he appears to have led. He is like an evil PeeWee Herman, a clueless shameless buffoon who keeps landing on his feet no matter how ridiculous his last misadventure was.
Case in point: Madison Cawthorn. He's literally the only person the GOP has pushed out, and it's only because he said shit that was supposed to be kept on the DL that made his colleagues look bad. That's the only no-no.
Burra is the worst of the worst when it comes to GOP insiders. Whether Santos knows it or not he has been scooped up by the fascists and is now their man in the house, and we can expect some truly awful behaviour from Santos for as long as Burra is behind him pulling the strings.
A big problem that is starting to surface though is the publicity and scandals around Santos have enticed a frenzy of bottom feeding GOP backroom operatives who understand the influence they can exert via a hapless moron like Santos and the access they can cultivate from being in the inner circle of a clueless, amoral congressman.
Burra, convicted drug dealer and pure MAGA swamp monster was the IT "brains" behind the dissemination of the contents of Hunter Biden's laptop back when he was working as a producer on Steve Bannon's podcast.
Burra went on to work as a staffer for Matt Gaetz but left when the underage sex scandal surrounding Gaetz started to die off because, as Burra states it, "If the FBI and the DOJ are no longer coming after you, it’s not a fun job any more".
Burra took on the role of Director of Operations for Santos in January, after the public started learning about Santos' shady past. When asked if Santos' lies and concerns around his campaign finances was what drew Burra to want to work for Santos he said "Of course, that's my brand". Burra describes what he does as "activism and institutional infiltration" and says his operational style is “two katanas to the neck”.
Burra, in partnership with Gavin Wax, got his start in politics with a takeover of the New York Young Republican Club, turning it into a proto-fascist network with links to a roll call of US and foreign far-right groups. The aims of Burra's inner circle were well stated by Wax at an NYYRC event when he said "We want total war. We must be prepared to do battle in every arena. In the media. In the courtroom. At the ballot box. And in the streets.".