They convinced their populace that they hit energy stations to hinder military of Ukraine. The logic eludes me, but it is what all the russian infospace is convinced of.
attacks have wide ranging effects on a variety of institutions. Two political effects believed to result from the loss of electricity are, first, that it will diminish civilian morale, thereby forcing a change in the government’s behavior, and second, that these attacks will raise the costs to the political leaders of a country pressuring them to change.
Likewise there are two important military effects usually mentioned: either that the loss of power will have a direct impact on the fighting military forces or that it will cause a reduction in war production. These four arguments, either separately or in combination, have been used in the past to advocate attacking national electric systems.
The general consensus amongst military analysts and historians is strategic bombing is very limited in efficacy.
Strategic bombing has been tried many times to "break the will" of a populace. It has never worked. Even when people know they are going to lose the war, it still doesn't work. People don't like getting bombed, and their response generally isn't to give the people bombing them what they want. See WW2 German, Britain, Japan, Korea, Vietnam...
Strategic bombing has convinced governments - but even there it's success have been very limited, and have only occured where the country was losing the war otherwise. That is not the case here, and there are no real signs it is driving Ukraine to the table.
Strategic bombing can have knock on effects on the military, but those are really pretty minimal. Military forces tend to have their own backup, and be disconnected from the grid generally, and certainly is going to be less effective that, you know, just bombing the military directly.
Bombing can disrupt war production - though it tends to require large sustained bombing efforts - but that isn't very relevant here. A minority of Ukraine's war production occurs in Ukraine, and Russia isn't bombing the US or Poland.
Russia's move to strategic bombing of civilian infrastructure really looks like an echo of Germany's blitz. A move made for political reasons that is not militarily sensible.