Amen to that! Russia, China, North Korea, Iran, Saudi Arabia... These countries are forgetting one important thing. The West will always be more attractive. How many people want to immigrate to these 5 countries?
Saudi society can’t support a tech hub. They don’t have top universities or the work ethic to be a tech hub. Their economy is pure oil and they rely on migrants workers for everything. Even if they tried to be another Dubai they’d fail as their society is decades behind.
The oil might even become useless before it vanishes. If the US spent their middle eastern war money on green energy R&D it might already be useless.
Congrats on their 200 years of oil, the point he is making is that oil will lose its importance in energy generation therefore their influence will decrease, they can have oil for 2 million years, if it's no longer in demand it's useless in terms of power projection.
The oil game used to be won by being the last nation with oil. Buy everyone else's, survive their financial peak, then own the market or exploit weaknesses created by the "great drying". Since oil reserves are a finite resource that cannot be replenished, buying other people's oil instead of accessing your own is fucking broken in the long game. Especially when you are literally the US economically.
That was before climate change, consumer interest, and geopolitical motivators expedited sustainable energy tech. Oil will always have some use/value but probably never more than it has today. The US will probably be the first superpower to have a completely electric fleet of military/civilian vehicles but I don't think that is possible for a few hundred years at least. Having the ability to spin up production of oil on a dime without having to import it means the US can operate its military equiptment unimpinged indefinately (from an energy resources standpoint).
Since the US can literally just use its own oil, it is in a unique position to negotiate from a position of strenh. Sometimes they are able to buy oil for less than what it would cost to use their own. This is a losing strategy for the oil selling nation.
Fair point. I’m touching on my experience of living / visiting that region of the world. The only country with good universities and smart people is iran but they’re all leaving the country due to the horrific regime there. Middle East will take decades if not a century to properly catch up to the world.