In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Doesn’t MTG have enough power with all the committees she is on? Like the… wait. Hold on. She isn’t on any committees and hasn’t been since she was removed on February 4, 2021‽.
It would be incredible if the GOP and MAGA actually schism. Imagine like 40% of your party just up and vanishing becaus they're loyal to a fraud they think is divine.
I’ve been trying to imagine a Republican house with 219 seats. Literally any two GOP could block partisan legislation. The party will fracture. Anything reasonable will get enough dems to pass. But that anything wacky could be blocked by just a couple reasonable republicans.
Just 1% of republicans can block anything crazy. It’s like the dems in the senate but for people that need to get re-elected in two years in very local (not statewide) races.
I predict a temper tantrum by the freedom caucus causing a rift very early. I heard stuff about MTG wanting more power even before the election.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Then big difference is dems are not hung up on party loyalty. Dems will vote for good legislation and will pass help pass things the far right objects to. Once they embarrass themselves the freedom caucus will find they have very little influence. If the party actually splits, the centrist could be much more productive than a similar split on the left. The GOP would not support good legislation from a center faction of dems. The dems needed every dem vote on everything.
I agree. The far right should run lots of ads warning Americans about Bernie and AOC and other progressive candidates. That would be “terrible”.
Ya. I was wondering if it missed anything. I saw coverage of these ads when they ran and it was clear this was just talking about the stance these candidates have taken. The ads even run as a warning about these candidates. Then I saw coverage of dems “boosting” far right candidates. I thought they were talking about something else. I don’t really see how these ads are considered “boosting” those candidates, unless they just mean boosting their profile.
A few of those seats are in California or New York or other places that are likely to elect reasonable people and unlikely to re-elect someone that impeached a president for bad reasons. IIRC the worst recent showing for a Congress opposite the president in midterms was the GOP after impeaching Clinton. Also, with margins so thin they can’t afford to eject anyone from the caucus. I think they will have a hard time getting every single sitting gop member to impeach unless they actually have something, in which case the dems will likely support it too.
Maybe I am being too optimistic, but having a bit of power but small margins might force the split people have been expecting. In opposition it is easy to be United and vote against stuff that is going to pass anyway. It’s different when it comes to impeachment or the debt ceiling. There will be consequences for fucking things up.
Or not vote for crazy people in the primaries. Whenever people talk about this or that should be “disqualifying” it should be the voters that say it’s disqualifying by them not voting for the person. The primary process is there so the candidates are not dictated by the party brass but instead chosen by the base.
Iirc there was a case in Florida of a GOP candidate funding a third party candidate with the same name as his dem opponent. So if we are competing for scumminess there is no contest. But I find it hard to criticize the dems here. The ads I saw were not endorsing the views but warning they were dangerous. It is only “boosting” the candidate if you believe the GOP base are mindless contrarians that will vote against anything opposed by the dems.