In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Not sure if I'm misunderstanding you or you're misunderstanding me but I'm aware what my family has said is shitty. That was kinda my whole point.
I saw a statement about slavery "No matter how bad you were taught slavery was, it was much worse than that". The more I see of the world, the more certain I am that this is true.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
No one is completely responsible for what your ancestors did…. But it sure as hell is a _choice_ to make up shit to make it seem like they weren’t responsible for what they did either. And while you’re not responsible, it sure is a dick move to pretend like it’s not the right thing to do to try to do reasonable things for the people harmed.
I've heard the stories about how he supposedly gave them each a house, a plot of land to farm for themselves, taught them to read, and of course only beat them if they "deserved it for stealing and such" and how "it was a mercy" compared to how some slaves were treated. He went to war and fought against his cousins to protect that farm and when the slaves were freed he just hired them on and for years after their families and my family were just the best of friends.
I didn't know this was in textbooks but my several times great grandfather owned a farm in Virginia in the 1800s. Parts of my family still claim that he treated his slaves as if they were related.
They think of those slave owners as fucking folk heroes. Lee may as well be Robin Hood and Jackson is Little John as far as they care. It's all bullshit they tell themselves so they can sleep at night without having to face the horrible shit our ancestors are responsible for.
It’s like your dad murdering part of someone’s family and you being like… “oof… that’s rough… you need help moving your furniture? Well I’m suing you for making me feel bad”.
Oh… I just got it.. I have been racking my brain trying to figure out why anyone would give a shit about stuff from almost 200 years ago… their identification is with those people. It was the last “heroes” their area produced that they could claim relation to _because they themselves haven’t done anything_. You can’t proudly lay claim to being the grandson of notable South Carolinian Andy McDowell… best you could do is maybe being distantly related to Chadwick Bosema… oh I see their problem….
The stories they tell about my however many greats grandfather are almost completely, if not entirely, made up. Truth is, or at least as close to the truth as I've managed to dig, after the war he said that they could continue to live in on his property and continue on basically business as usual except he paid them a pittance so they were forced to continue working for him or be homeless. From what I can gather he was an evil man. The stories I've managed to dig up about him talk more about an abusive husband and father than a benevolent farmer. My grandmother has let slip that her mother told her it wasn't unusual for him to pull out a whip on his kids so I can't imagine the slaves working the field were treated any better.