In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
It’s so maddening such a failure of a whiny, petulant, malignant narcissist individual could cause so much damage to this country.
6 years man, been waiting 6 years to see this monster and his cronies go to jail. Fucker took my family from me, made my parents into nutjobs to the point where I don’t recognize them.
I wanna see him kick and scream during that perp walk and I wanna hear his braindead chimp supporters screech and cry. Fuck Donald J. Trump.
100% agree. But also, these days I tend to be thankful somewhat for these events that have happened, I'd have never known the true character of so many that I know, or thought I knew. Vocal racists versus silent ones dilemma, I think I'd prefer the vocal one these days. I used to say look keep it to yourself and live and let live and it won't matter so long as we get along, but now I'm realizing we never did and there was always prejudice and falsehoods with friends and family, it just was unspoken. Now we know how much we dislike each other's characters, and I'm glad. That being said, it's hard to account for brainwashing and delusions that happen within someone from external influences. Do we hold those folks accountable for things that possibly cusp being beyond their control? How much say do we have in having our minds changed? It's hard to say, and hard to reconcile, but overall, I'd rather deal with the devil I know and not the one I don't. And if a fool like trump is what it took for family to hate family or friends to lose friends, then it was almost certainly inevitable anyways, and that says something. Jail the fucker, and let's move on/forward with what we have learned about this place and each other accordingly.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.