Lettuce is getting expensive and it's because one of the main areas responsible for growing lettuce in the world has had a rough growing season.
They do these "protests" to obtain $$$ from donors (who don't understand how anything works) after watching the online videos the "protesters" put out.
We get a new round of cuts thanks to outdated water policies negotiated at a time when very few people lived in the Southwest, and some states didn't even exist yet. Ya know back when the worlds population was 1/4 what it is today.
That supply will likely be falling drastically in the coming years if, more likely when, the Colorado river runs dry.
In about 5 years the Colorado may be dry south of Hoover dam, unless upstream parts release more water. It also may not generate power in a few years as the water will be too low, just like Powell almost did and is likely to experience.
This is going to be an absolute clusterfuck, as environmentalists are going to go crazy in the conversation trying to protect man made ecosystems caused by that development.
Communities who developed and are reliant on all those different man made reservoirs and water practices will all be undergoing some changes or if a smaller community, likely becoming a ghost towns as the cities and their millions need outweighs those small local town needs, foreign abuse of our laws and resources that really don't provide much in terms of their state's economies. Agriculture is a very minor contributor to most of these state's GDP's, 2% to 5% low. Locally for communities like Yuma, that's another story.
Yuma is near the end of the line and they can't really do much to enforce upstream folks to let the water flow other than to make a lot of noise and let people wonder why their salad is so expensive.
Even if the weather were to shift in such a manner to maximize water where it needs to be to support the existing systems it will take decades to restore groundwater and replenish the whole region and its needs. Assuming those resevoirs have a nice season every single year and rise a few % it will take 20 to 60 years or more of net gains to restore things, as well as drastically cutting use of that resource.
Last picture I have of Lake Mead being full is from 1993 when I stopped to do the tour with some transplant and tourist friends on that 3 to 4 hour drive from Phoenix to Vegas.
Each year Canada loses 20,000 to 25,000 hectares of prime farmland to urban expansion (Urbanization ---- converting farmland into urban spaces --- is the ultimate form of desertification).
Saskatchewan made a law that you couldn't protest on hospital or school property and for a certain distance around the property (union demonstrations were exempt.). They did this because protesters were obstructing staff/students/parents/patients from going in and out of the buildings. It was ridiculous. They were putting up fences, and not allowing school buses and ambulances to drive up. They put concrete barriers up at night. It was a big cost to remove this stuff every morning. There would be angry signs near the Cancer Center entrances. Nobody wants to see that when they are going for chemotherapy.
Its an absolute mess. When feds, lawyers, state govts, local communities, and farmers and ignorant environmentalists and homeowners all along and across the 7 states that feed and use water from the Colorado, all start speaking and protesting... nothing much will change fast to solve that problem at the end of the line and just like prosecuting 45....many of us will all be dead of old age before anything is resolved.
I think there is a difference between peaceful protests vs.unpeaceful protests. I also am not a fan of protesting in any public space, like when people protest on the sidewalk in front of Medical Health Officers' homes. I don't think that's OK.
Oh, these folks generally don't believe in climate change, or vaccines, or science. They later went on to protest abortion and just whatever random stuff they felt like being angry about.
Canada's "trucker" protest involved almost no truckers, hence the absence of big rigs. Real trucker's were working the whole time. It was never about mandates or trucker's. That messaging was a big scam.
The leadership of that convoy thing is taking in tons of cash from people on the internet with their stupid videos. This convoy crap is their job now.
Both right and left actually. Remember yellow vesters? Those people got together with the QAnon and PPC folks and western separatists. Then COVID happened so they joined forces with the anti-vaxxers and natural health/free man on the land/Libertarians. They were all at home on their computers too much and created these new Facebook groups where they all converged. They were having all these meetings all over the place. When that wasn't enough, they went to Ottawa.
It is related. They are saying that having ridiculous people, publicly behaving like lawless animals, negatively impacts investors opinions of Canada.
In western Canada, it was kinda scary, because a lot of money from the US flowed into their organizations very quickly, to get them organized with communications, merchandise, websites, fundraising. It wasn't just a few random people with weird ideas that pass a hat anymore. It was a very controlled and coordinated effort, which is why it got as big as it did. They had a way bigger voice than the number of supporters they actually had.
Lots of people don't want to understand how things around them work. Personal banking CEOs don't get to phone the foreign affairs minister. It's the CEO of RBC Capital Markets that gets to call Freeland.
I would certainly hope the concerns of our largest trading partner are never moot for the Foreign Affairs Minister.
I believe that having Ambassador Bridge southbound blocked for so long was indeed hurting trade relationships between Canada and the US.
Then, local representatives wouldn't be party members, just independents, but would have committee roles, or roles in the House that have been taken over by the PMOs office over the years.
The party members would make up the cabinet positions and draft legislation. The PM selects who they want to be in Cabinet, and has the option to select from all the parties. Under a PR system, there is likely to be more parties, so having a consensus cabinet is important to draft legislation. The party members would present the legislation in the House, and everyone debates, but the balance of votes lies with the local representatives.
Canadians haven't had a serious enough discussion about electoral reform yet. Not enough people were pissed off about that electoral reform report being shit on and tossed.
Oh, I would go with a form of MMPR. Partially closed ranked ballot, where we vote for our local representative separately from party share of the House. I'd also like to see the PM not be the leader of any party, but be another member, who is not a local representative, that is elected by the local representatives by a 2/3 majority after the election, to lead the House. More like a consensus candidate of everyone, and let the party leaders be the political leaders.