Glad we're using takes of random people off the street for headlines though. Good job CNN, way to stoke fear.
Just my first take on the headline, dude. Taiwan is generally unprepared and frankly, as a society, is probably having trouble believing it will ever be ‘allowed’ to happen. The best time to attack is May when the ocean water gets above hypothermic levels around most of Taiwan.
People really need to start pushing back more against this conscription bullshit. If your country is actually worth saving a lot of people will fight for it.
If you need to threaten your own people with prison or death to get them to fight then seriously why even bother?
I disagree with this. Humans are not good at acting rationally especially when their lives are in danger. If you give people the chance they will drag their feet, be indesisive, or flee. This can be extremly problomatic in a wartime situation. Mass shooters could easily be taken down if their victims banded together and defended themselves. But instead their victims act in their own interest and run. If there was someone to organize them they could likley get away with less casualties. There isnt anything wrong with fleeing when your not organized, its the right thing to do, but when your talking about that happening on a massive international scale you have a war that could easily be winnable turn into unorganized chaos that could very well cost more lives than an initial conflict with a healthy reserve of disciplined soldiers. Its war and people have to die, if you give them the chance to choose for themselves, they will rarely choose to sacrafice themselves. That being said nations shouldnt go to war unless their sovereignty is at stake in the first place, and granted they have a just place as a sovereign nation to begin with.
Nation states really need to stop using civilians as involuntary human fodder to maintain their territorial integrity and economic privilege.
I'm also saying no nation state should have the ability to grab someone off the street and force them into a situation where their life is in danger against their will. Especially when threatening them with prison or death for not complying.
Case in point. Vietnam, no one actually needed to die on either side. The US made the choice for everyone on the US side based on their own self interest. The Vietnamese made the choice to defend or not defend on their own end.
This is the rub. No, people don't actually have to die. If people feel the cause is worth fighting for their may choose to die but no one is obligated to die.
Not if you are forced, no. I don't view any country forcing unwilling people to fight by threatening them as being worth fighting for personally.
A side argument can be made for countries with conscription where conscripts are legally only allowed to be used for logistics and prohibited from being used in actual combat. But that is not usually the case with conscription.
3. While storm is impacting island, have sabotage crews gently but thoroughly take out power, as much communications as possible (radio, radar, internet), other targets that can be (mostly) blamed on the storm - use disinformation and false witnesses, etc.
No the point is people don't ever have to be forced into a situation where their lives are in danger. If your country is worth anything at all people will volunteer. If its not then its frankly not worth the loss of life to defend it or fight for it.
I served in the Canadian Forces as infantry during the early 2000's when a rather large world event was going on and I willingly signed up for that. So I probably know better then a lot of people on here what is being asked.
I'm not asking anyone to defend my life. If a country attacks mine or vice versa I have the right to decide if I think the conflict is worth fighting for or not. If its not then my death is not the automatic outcome even if my country losses. I'd have to weigh the consequences of that situation out and decide if I thought it was worth it or not.
If someone tried to draft me against my will I'd comply up to the point my life was placed in any danger then I'd either find the highest ranking officer I could or the biggest asshole and put two rounds in the back of their head and spend the rest of the war in a prison cell. No one is forcing me to fight against my will, its not even possible and the only thing you should feel for the person who tries is pity.