In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I think they think it’s in their own interest because of special interests. I will list out some of the reductionist thinking that I don’t myself believe but I see as talking points.
"But voters should be able to tell!" No. Most people aren't paying attention. Or they really see "both sides" doing it. And once Republicans cement a media narrative, Republican lies look like the truth, especially since Democrats splinter and scatter under anything more than a stiff breeze.
Also also, most people don't care about government. Their question is "what are you doing to make my life better?", and unless you are constantly hammering that point, as well as that Republicans will harm them, Republican faux-populist talking points will stick, again supported by their media narratives.
They think the vaccine is poison and want to not wear masks because they don’t believe in Covid, they vote Republican.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
JFC really? It's been seven years since he first announced, and there are still Dems who haven't figured this out? So-called "Trumpism" is just a cruder version of Republican orthodoxy, at least from the 1970s onward, so it was never going to hurt the GOP to embrace it. Their voters genuinely like the honesty of it, and most independent voters have long since been conditioned to treat their psychotic policy positions as normal.
They think that socialist policies are what causes poverty, inflation, gas prices to sky rocket. After all Joe Biden is a socialist and look at the economy compared to under Trump! They vote Republican.
Those aren't mutually exclusive, because "their own interests" are whatever culture war issue Faux News is telling them to care about.
They're kept terrified of immigrants. Of minorities. Of becoming a minority. Of the gays. Of trans kids. Of "crime". Of Dr. Seuss books. Of any number of things that fuels conservative hysteria.
The list goes on and I could do this all day sadly. I can see things from their perspective but don’t know how to have a conversation with them because we live in two different realities and they can’t see things from mine.
The Democratic side has no equivalent to this, not on real issues, and certainly not on invented issues, so people either fall into the conservative narrative (see the ) or just generally stop paying attention.
And the Republicans promise to solve it. They ban even talking about LGBTQ people. They ban medical treatments. The promise to give the police even more military hardware to control "those people". They promote the people who fight "replacement". And the constant demonization and fearmongering keeps their base constantly activated.
Also, compassion and supportive communities are also very important to lots of Americans. It's just a matter of the sales pitch they get bundled into when it comes to voting.
I haven’t heard it described in the terms « Republican orthodoxy » before but I really like that term and I think it sums it up so well. Business suit, check. Lip service to Christian values, check. Regressive social and fiscal polices, check. Even a hat and slogan for the NASCAR type fans to wear around, check. No wonder it’s popular.