In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
And if the next annointed nominee does better in Iowa or NH will we just switch back and go through this all again to potentially help them? Why not round-robin it at this point where each cycle a new state goes first...
The party is going hard in the direction of diversity, something Iowa and NH are rather lacking in. So it's unlikely that the party would shift back to wanting those first, it would be an unrealistic shift in thinking.
But I'd personally rather we just do away with a lot of this stuff altogether. Just do one single day national popular vote ranked choice primary, and that's it. No chance of a brokered convention, the people just vote and rank their choices and then the ballots give a winner and that's that.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
When it comes to religious diversity, a very important marker of diversity, SC is a poor choice. It’s extremely religiously homogenous. It is not representative of religion in the US and of Dem voters specifically. And the religious sects that are represented swing far more Republican than other religious sects.
New Hampshire has greater representation of Jewish populations, other non-Christian populations, Catholic populations, and agnostics and atheists. Those viewpoints are especially critical in the context of a hyper-religious Supreme Court.
And the problem with a national primary day is that the wealthy and well-connected have a much much larger advantage. Candidates with less name recognition and small donors would have a much harder time reaching voters.
Candidates who are less wealthy or less connected to wealthy donors and PACs. There are likely a great many less well known candidates who would be more popular with voters than would be richer candidates if voters heard a lot about them and were given a fair chance to appraise them. And there are certainly candidates who would be popular with voters at large but who would be likely unpopular with a handful of wealthy donors who would throw out millions to try to smear them.
Corporate control of our political system is not a good thing and moving to give greater corporate control over it is not a good thing.
Also maybe people should just stop expecting politicians to go from no - names to bigshots over the course of one campaign anyway. Politicians can always make their name in politics by working their way up through lower political offices and actually doing stuff that is noteworthy.
As we've seen in various past elections, money in politics doesn't seem to actually make much of a difference anyway.
A lot of voters don’t care if the candidate is a bigshot, they care if the candidate will be an effective president for them.
Voters believe that money has too great an influence on politics and that the high cost of campaigns lower the quality of the candidates. And they believe that the government should be doing more to restrict money in politics.
It’s one of the areas of greatest bipartisan policy agreement among voters. It can be an extremely effective argument to voters, though not so much if the person making it is backed by the same huge donors they claim they will reign in.
For some people, that’s the only point of a primary. For some people the primary is for picking a candidate that best represents their views. For some, it is a balancing of those two interests against each other.
So what? The same could be said of national elections too, I don't see why we should care or craft election policy to give a leg up for candidates who are less popular. Elections are literally popularity contests, after all.
r/politics is currently accepting new moderator applications. If you want to help make this community a better place, consider !
Edit: lmao UniWheel blocked for the above, which doesn't show a lot of confidence in their arguments.
And in the context of the electoral college, those states are the 11 or so purple states, of which NH is one but SC is not.
Then the advantage would lie with the candidates who are rich and have good name recognition. Good candidates with less name recognition and smaller donors would have a much harder time reaching voters.
NH is very good for retail politics because it is very small and has inexpensive media markets. It’s hard to think the Pete Buttigiegs and Bernie Sanders and Amy Klobuchars of the world would have had the success they had in NH in a state that is bigger and more expensive.
A candidate can talk directly to a lot of voters in NH just by having town halls and going to fairs and the like. Can’t get any good chunk of national voters that way. The main way to reach them is ads and surrogates.