I'm honestly amazed Putin hasn't just had this guy killed. He's killed so many other opposers to his regime.
If Navalny dies, his supporters will find a new leader of their cause, and become less manageable. As long as he lives, his supporters will never agree on a replacement.
Presenting Navalny as a lesser evil and therefore good is misplaced. The problems that exist in Russia that allow for Putin's popularity also make Navalny's fascistic tendencies popular. Replacing Putin with him would be the farthest thing from holding him accountable, on the contrary it would embolden him.
Navalny himself previously based his positions on . The Venn diagram of Navalny supporters and Z supporters exactly comes from this nationalistic base.
Russia is just more extreme than other authoritarian regimes because of all the war crimes and assassinations but the same patterns can be observed in many post-USSR countries.
The biggest issue I have with criticism of Navalny is this: corruption is baked into everyday life in Russia. You can't open a store without having to pay "dues", the lack of social safety means people get by one way or the other. The idea that anyone could rise to prominence in a culture like that without ever doing anything shady is based either in ignorance or cynicism.
And I get that to some people this is a touchy subject because we all collectively pretend that historic figures were shining examples in every aspect of life, and everyone is so butthurt and eager to scuff at each other every chance we get that every example is immediately labeled as a strawman and people get more hung up on the example than the point someone tries to make, but safe to say Navalny wouldn't be the first iconic figure with a questionable background doing important things while also having awful views. Post-truth accountability is a first world privilege that really shouldn't be applied until a certain quality of life is achieved in my opinion.
Even in a dickless dictatorship like in Hungary, if you want to build something you need to know whose asses you have to kiss and they won't touch you untill they know you are one of them, like a dirty cop making you do a line of blow.
Navalny isn't perfect, and I know that "everyone else is doing it" is no excuse, but at a certain point you have to come up with a metaphor that captures the fact that in Russia, saying and doing questionable shit is the requirement to even get a seat at the table.
Putin has specifically created a state apparatus wherein his demise would ensure the rise of a silovnik, who would likely be as or more deranged than him. Therefore he positions himself in a role where the public actually wants to keep him lest someone else fuck things up more. The issue at Russia's core is the fact that there are no good statesmen, No good candidate to take the helm. Navalny is not a lesser evil, just a different populist type. And frothing at the mouth to get rid of Putin, the evil we know, is myopic.
Uh no? Replacing Dollfuss with Hitler certainly didn't improve the Austrian state, and the reverse would have been as true.
Russia needs leadership that is not jingoistic and National-supremist in order to make amends and integrate into the world community. Navalny is not a candidate for that.
In which case that Russia does not have a right to exist and does not deserve any seat at any international table. You yourself are presenting that Navalny will in the best case scenario be a "better Putin". That is very obviously not enough, nor ideal, nor workable.
The point of human rights and international law is that is applies everywhere. Otherwise it doesn't apply at all. Keeping Russia to that standard is the only thing that ensures peace elsewhere as otherwise these states serve as exact counterarguments that respect is not needed to rule, which only empowers autocrats.
As if whatever position the world holds on Navalny will affect Putin in any way? Please. Stop position him as a savior. He is not. Faust's Devil to the naive maybe, but no Russian unifier.
Since noone is willing to do to Russia what was done to Germany or Japan to actually reform society, after Putin dies, Russian leadership, will likely scramble to fill the power vacuum like after Stalin or Mao did. Those already in the ingroup will play their alliances off one another and the result will be either a Khrushchev reorganization or a Clique that will be eventually out-competed due to internal squabbling like China. In none of these scenarios will Russia fundamentally change, because there is no pressure for it to. The populace does not care or act for its future.
When it comes to Russia, all you have is lesser of evil outcomes. The one thing I would like to add is, even is Navalny would do evil shit eventually, the fifth column Russian who had to flee Putin's draft shouldn't be ignored. Even if you picture Navalny going full evil, it wouldn't happen immediately. Not to mention that after Putin's shenanigans, it's safe to assume that we are already back to Cold War style subversion campaigns, he wouldn't have that easy of a time, not to mention that all repressed people want access to their amenities they've lost because Putin couldn't keep it in his pants.
(also just fyi I am not dug in, I could always be wrong and I don't mind being wrong nor do I mind being corrected, I like to learn new viewpoints, however I do like to engage in wordplay and tomfoolery, please don't take any of this too seriously).
If you look at Russia's History spanning back to the Rurikovich dynasty and compare with other Autocratic states today, there should be no illusion of Russian society suddenly pulling a 180. Liberalism has failed to take hold there for 200 years, why change now? especially when no one wants to?
Look dude, I get it. The easiest solution would obviously be "no Russia", and the most feasible way for that to happen is the federation breaking apart, however I just don't see that happening, especially since it would be very beneficial for oil-rich parts while the parts where it's nothing but tundra would basically get nothing and be even poorer.
Similarly the infrastructure integration just consists of that bridge and otherwise the peninsula is poorly served.
Desperation weeds out scrutiny. Even if Navalny is problematic (which it seems he is), it still would make more sense to support him replacing Putin and then holding him accountable, than to just dismiss the only viable option for change.
Russia is a failed society and hostile state. For the good of the world, the best option is a cordon sanitaire. Cutting off Russia from civilization until it collapses into itself, as it already did multiple times in the past.
Geopolitics is always about juggling and lesser evils. But here the only winning move is not to play into Russia's schemes. Putin is an expert strategist. He allows Navalny to exist in order to lightning-rod criticism and control. You supporting Navalny actually supports Putin's machinations. After all, why is Nemtsov dead, but not Navalny? Why leave his demise up to far more "chance"?
No that would not be the easiet solution. It would require direct intervention to end Russian sovereignty. No country is willing to do this, nor is it even feasible due to Russia's size (if you assume Iraq's occupation as a starting point at 18-20 people per soldier, you would need the combined forces of all of NATO's armies + China to occupy Russia).
Navalny is not a liberal politician, he only frames himself as much as his base of popularity is to be oppositional to Putin. And just because he is the "best" that Russia has left, since Putin assassinated all the actual opponents to his ideology, does not make Navalny worthy of our support.
News flash, most Russians never had them. And the prognosis of this war shows that Russians are not in fact going to do shit about their worsening living standards, just as they haven't for the past decade, nor over the entire course of the Soviet Union's existence. You are a fool to think Russian leadership will do anything for the people, whether it is Putin or Navalny. National populists in the West already are shit at giving people prosperity, in a system with far more checks and balances. And Navalny is at best a popular Nationalist.
Novalny still holds to these ideas, he is just in no position to propagate them. You can still read them out from continuity of his position on Crimea to Georgia, or on immigration and ethnicity. The fact that he is for years now in Prison and his social media is controlled by a PR group does not make him "reformed".
Because he found presenting himself as the antipole of Putin garnered him more support. It is a political decision. But considering his long history as a Nationalist, and continued support of deportation of aliens etc, I doubt he has made a ideological 180. Keeping the quiet part silent is not the same as supporting the opposite. And his carefully prepared statement on Crimea in the OP reflects that. The "support for a referendum" when parts of the autochthone population were deported, when the current population there relies on specifically Russian tourism and Putin spent a lot of money on integrating the peninsula into Russian infrastructure stack the deck very well, and post facto stack the deck for "staying" when such a position should never be legitimized and the whole purpose of the "referendum" rests on that fact. It is annexation with extra steps, switching to a soft power tactic over the hard power opening move. Doesn't make it legitimate.
Well isn't that reassuring. Just as Putin started in a detente and cooperation with the West. Do you think it would take Navalny as long to become so unstable? Or will be have able to speedrun any% established Russian despotism?
The agrarian reforms, hell the reforms of 1857 were exactly what I was referring to about the people at a breaking point and the government willing to listen. Neither of these things is on the horizon now.