In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The gop elites and media drones are trying to pull the base's strings, the base will not compromise or self correct however, and they determine who wins primaries.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I'm thinking you are a bit generous that they won't fall in line. Hierarchy is what conservatives believe in stronger than any religion. If powerful conservative figureheads tell them to vote a certain way, they most likely will, as that is a person higher on the hierarchy giving them orders.
It turns out activating unreasonable people as voters was, as it had been called out by Goldwater himself, a huge fucking mistake.
They don't believe Trump will anymore hence they dumped him. But this can all turn on the moment he riles up his base again.
Consrrvative media and figures are sort of hedging their bets a bit, imo. They are allowing shit talk of Trump, allowing some people to say he is a personal non grata, and talking up DeSantis, but mostly remaining silent. They are seeing which way the winds blow by election day, while slowly propping up the candidate which can be controlled and they want to win (desantis).
They do value hierarchy but they prefer specific traits in it. Trump enables racist attitudes and plays to xenophobia which is a core desire for them.
This is saying fox will not back trump. Granted, if he wins the primary they will, but the biggest propaganda machine for conservatives says it will not back him.
Anecdotally, my super conservative parents, who loved trump, and voted for him twice, says they no longer support him.
Not saying trump can't win. Not saying he isn't dangerous. But I think Republicans in power are trying their darndest to keep him from winning the primary.
“Mark my word, if and when these preachers get control of the [Republican] party, and they're sure trying to do so, it's going to be a terrible damn problem. Frankly, these people frighten me. Politics and governing demand compromise. But these Christians believe they are acting in the name of God, so they can't and won't compromise. I know, I've tried to deal with them.” - Barry Goldwater, 1994.