In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
For someone like your family HB1 could still make doctor's visits complicated. The language is vague enough that doctors will probably just not talk about transgender issues. It would be too much of a risk for them. So even minors like yours could not get care as needed.
I was in the committee room in Tennessee when Rep. Bulso (R), Brentwood, told a trans teen that they were "a fiction, a fantasy." After the teen bared their soul about transitioning and what it took. This was testimony on a bill that would have kept that teen from living their life and getting the gender-affirming care they needed. HB1 now sits on the governor's desk waiting his signature. When signed that teen would have to detransition by March 1, 2024 if they didn't hit 18 by then.
We're moving out of state in a few weeks. Our son came out to us as trans at the end of last year. He's still only thinking in terms of going by another name, using he/him, having a shorter haircut, and wearing more masculine clothing. He isn't considering hormone therapy or other treatments. Even though this particular bill doesn't immediately impact him, I can only imagine that things will continue to escalate, with the way that things are going. I shouldn't be surprised at where our state is heading, but it seems like a new bill is introduced daily restricting the rights of Tennessee's citizens.
There was another bill that outlawed gender affirming care that also included gender affirming therapy AND required teachers/counselors/anyone dealing with kids to out (any of LGBT+) those kids to their parents.
There is another bill that outlaws insurance companies from covering any gender-affirming care for minors or adults.