In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
If I read it correctly, just the California and Massachusetts proposals were about wealth, as opposed to income.
And it sounds like the California one, at least, has been proposed and shut down (by Newsom) in the past.
Put it back into education and the trust fund babies will cry all day long how they have to pay taxes for everyone else.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
These trust fund babies trash our planet and come up with hairbrain ideas thar they can recreate billions of years of intelligent evolution in a matter of years.
Wealth is exactly what the Constitution was not designed for inheriting in the USA. Wealth was always about doing great things for our country, and earning your wealth, paying tax to build and maintain our nation.
Now, these rich, mostly Republican families are all about themselves, and they would sell out our country to gain more wealth. They control the resources and want to control the future.
In short: if you earn money by getting salary/income, you pay TWICE as much dollar per dollar as investing in, say, stocks. I'm oversimplifying, but essentially, that is the problem.
IMO the thing that's preventing these types of measure from getting off the ground is the ear-marking of the funds for specific things.
Were it really about income re-distribution, the funds would go to payments made to people living under the poverty line.
A tax on wealth is as patriotic an American citizen could ever do, not wait for handouts from bequests of estates, that undo and undermine the Constitution of the United States of America for everyone else, where you used to be born free.