Also germany: Cost of living exploding over the last 10 years (especially housing). Wages stagnating.
People can't move to the cities these companies are looking for workers because they can't afford to live there on the wages that are offered. Also most companies are unwilling to switch to home office.
None, knowing most German companies, they will whine about "Fachkräftemangel" while posting Job-Ads in their local newspaper or their company website (that requires Internet Explorer, No Stepstone, Monster, Indeed or LinkedIn). And when they do get one they scoff that someone living in Hamburg wants to earn 60k/year.
As someone who works in Recruiting let me tell you: That's not true. The reality is even more ridicolous.
It's completely insane. You'd end up with people having around 1700€ net in a city in which even a small appartment costs easily in the 4 digits per month.
I can tell stories about managers looking for employees living in Munich of all places and then honestly wanting to set an upper limit on salary to 30k a year.
If companies would care about having jobs that aren't actually based on giving way too much work out to the employees because having flexible hours means they can force their employees to work unpaid overtime and that are paid well employees would flock there.
Unfortunately the sheer greed that is present in most businesses is appalling but as long as the blame can be placed on the "lazy ungrateful workers" that don't want to work 50 hours for a 35 hour pay nothing will change.
No our social housing projects have been starved for years now because "If we build cheap housing it would make private housing projects less lucrative and thus less people would create private projects".
In fact the people with a real need for social housing have no way to compete with the ones that are renting/buying the private projects which of course are mostly more prestigious - as in expensive.
So not only does that mean that the supply of much needed cheap housing is sinking, private investors have also reduced their building projects so the housing created sunk in 2022 in comparison. And the apartments and houses built are then often bought up by foreign investors, reducing the impact on the housing situation for actual people even more.
Speak for yourself, there’s a warehouse in all major cities in the United State paying 20$-26$ a hour, health insurance less then 100$ a month, community college is 250$ a class federally subsidized loans FOR ANYONE no payments until graduation, and if your not down town rent is easily 1000-1500. It’s not perfect but anyone willing to go where the work is will live a middle class life.
Why not set minimum wage to 0 because people with hedgedonds worth millions they got from their parents don't really need any income?
Companies raise their prices every year because of inflation but have let the wages stagnate because "Some people in the team work here for 10 years and they still only make the money they got back then so I can't hire new people for more" and then act like them not finding employees is because nowadays people are lazy or demand unreasonable things like not having to work 10-20 hours unpaid overtime a month or expecting more money than the absolute minimum needed to live.
Especially since the labor shortages are so bad currently because during the height of the corona crisis instead of using the for the crisis easy to use "Kurzarbeit" (I don't know the english term, it's when you can reduce the weekly hours but the employee gets part of the lost money from the state) and instead fired absolutely everybody that wasn't needed to keep the company going while there was very reduced business and now that the market is growing again the applicant market is extremely low because - surprise - every company now realizes that they will need the people they fired again when they want to do the work they did pre Corona.
But yeah you can't expect more foresight than to the end of the next business quarter because if companies wouldn't focus 100% on the short term and instead think about what a smart move for more than the next few months would be how could shareholders live with making 5% less this business year. Wait until that pays off next year? Preposterous! /s.
With AI though that's a lot different. If you can build an ai powered robot pretty much all jobs are at risk.
Major German cities already have 30% foreigners. And immigrants don't move to rural areas. So more immigrants won't lead to more housing.
Many countries in Eastern Europe are already experiencing the demographic change in full swing. Iirc Bulgaria is losing 3% of its population per year.
Like... there's a million ways to track flexible times with 0 issue. Actually when I worked in companies with time tracking they always had easy to use smartphone apps and stations to start/end your day which was absolutely easy to use.
The difference is that the steam engine was never having the potential to fully replace human work. You can't replace a doctor by a steam engine, or a mechanic, or a teacher, or anything else that needs more than a steady form of work.
There's already the replacement of most if not all employees that are driving things on the horizon. Who needs taxi drivers if you have automated cars? Why bother with drivers in logistics if an automated truck doesn't need time for the driver to sleep, eat or for other human needs? The only issue here is the endpoints but you could either have humans that drive the truck on the sites themselves or this will be solved down the road with more complex AI.
I pay people way below market for a 40 hour week with flexible time and then give them so much work they are forced to do unpaid overtime every week while being treated like shit and nobody wants to work here.
It's funny how they cry over labor shortages and then whine over the BAG ruling that working times are mandatory to be tracked because "The employees oh so love that flexibility they have".
It's almost as if they have some other reason that they don't want the working time of their employees easily tracked and visible for the employees and the state. /s.
And that's not where it stops. An AI is potentially better at EVERYTHING than a human because you can easily optimize AI for close to every job. It's not going to happen tomorrow and not even this year but there will definitely be a future in which most if not all real work can be automized for a lot less cost than it would take to use humans.