They are, in fact, a (self-proclaimed) 'Freedom Fighter' and terrorist (according to Indonesia) group with cannibalistic beginnings.
cannibalism as practiced by John 'Liver eating' Johnson, Daniel Rakowitz, Richard Chase has been part of American culture for hundreds of years; true. Does that mean its not a slander to allege all American communities and families engage in it? So is your comment racist, have a second guess.
But like now is it... Real cannibalism, or the fear of it, so a (providing modern economic activity) and gets to tell their friends they totes almost got eaten.
No, it's real cannibalism and was practised for a long time, though the practice has been abandoned in part (possibly entirely?) now. I'm sure someone had tried to use it to lure tourism, as is true for many cultural practices, but that doesn't make it untrue.
Because "they" the Amungme , Kamoro and other highlanders have NEVER practiced cannibalism unlike Americans like Antron Singleton and two dozen others I could mention. YOUR allegation that "they" have "cannibalistic beginnings" is PURE RACISM about indigenous nations & individuals about whom you are making up fantasy. Now if you or Michael Rockefeller want to sick your nose into Asmat territory asking if they would mind your family building a cargo harbour for exporting Papuan gold, copper and silver that your family wants to loot at Indonesian gunpoint; that's your choice just don't complain if they do decide to remove the colonial trouble maker they've got their hands on.
That was pity foul but 1969 is NOT the crux, the crux of betrayal and violation of international law began in 1962 when our governments were blackmailed to authorise the UN invasion/disarming of West New Guinea (General Assembly resolution 1752) ; it is ILLEGAL to then conceal resolution 1752 & the 'New York Aggreement' it was authorising from the Trusteeship Council whose job it is to prepare yearly UN reports about UN trust territories such as West Papua (West New Guinea).
West Papua is NOT legally part of Indonesia and Indonesia has NO entitlement to impose itself or loot resources in violation of indigenous consent - see Article 76 of the Charter of the United Nations for what Indonesia, New Zealand, the US and all UN members are legally required to be doing. Our paper published by Griffith University and links to related declassified gov't & UN records are available at.
Michael Rockefeller was poking his nose into Asmat territory which at the time included the river coming down from Ertsberg in which their Freeport mining company wanted to build a port for exporting Papua's gold, silver and copper to the US and other markets.
Freeport WAS owned by the Rockefellers and members of Robert Lovett's bonesman network, the first open pit site Ertsberg was depleted twenty years ago and the second larger Grasberg depleted several years ago since when they have been digging under the base of the mountain to reach more of the gold, silver and copper. Because the extreme high profitbility era (open-pit) is over the US shareholders have been selling their holdings to the Indonesian government that shares their interest to keep their looting of Papua secret.