A lot of European words translate into fun English words. Like in Russia this one serial killer was referred to as the "Bitsa Park Maniac" and apparently maniac is the word thrown around for those kinds of crimes.
I wonder if these European words were translated into hooligan and maniac the better part of a century ago and have never been updated.
Not everyone gets to be Thor, but the hooligan's can pretend the carry the power of Moljnir... I'd pay money for the pics of them scratching their heads when the sledgehammers did not behave as expected, as they merely hit the cement barrier and fell to the ground.
“We confirm that a hooligan act was committed against the Embassy of Finland in the Russian Federation today around 12 noon Moscow time. Several sledgehammers were thrown into the Embassy courtyard from the street”, said a spokesperson.
The Finnish Embassy in Russia said today, Tuesday, December 20, that the Scandinavian Foreign Ministry is currently “considering measures in connection with hooligan actions”. This comes after the diplomatic mission located in the centre of Moscow was pelted with sledgehammers, as reported by RBC.
They continued: “No one was injured in the incident in the Embassy and no damage to property was caused. The Finnish Ministry of Foreign Affairs is currently considering measures in connection with the hooliganism”.
In video footage uploaded on the На видео видно Telegram channel, a group of masked individuals wearing masks to hide their identities can be seen gathered outside the building on Kropotkinsky Lane. They proceed to throw sledgehammers over the perimeter fence into the forecourt of the building before running away.
A few weeks ago, Yevgeny Prigozhin, the founder of the private military company (PMC) Wagner, had a sledgehammer delivered to the European Parliament. It was inside a violin case and had the head engraved with the Wagner logo along with a bloodied handle.
Another recent incident saw individuals in Finland setting fire to a Russian flag in Helsinki on Finnish Independence Day. Russian officials demanded that the Finnish authorities identify and arrest those responsible for what it called an ‘extremist’ act.
Wouldn't be the worst time for them to launch a "special millitary operation" of their own to liberate Karelia. The Russians barely have enough troops to grind out in Ukraine.
Not everyone gets to be Thor, but the hooligan's can pretend the carry the power of Moljnir... I'd pay money for the pics of them scratching their heads when the sledgehammers did not behave as expected, as they merely hit the cement barrier and fell to the ground.