In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
From reporters Amy B Wang, Liz Goodwin and Marianna Sotomayor: Frustrated Republicans have begun pointing fingers and called for a delay in leadership elections.
It was but it’s not enough of a rejection of extremism to fully stop the GOP’s slide into far right extremism.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I hope you're right, but I fear you aren't. Politics is a pendulum. Swinging back and forth between each side before settling near the center. At least until given a push in one way or the other. For what ever reason it is pushed right for a lot of this country easier than it is pushed left. I mean, literal treason wasn't enough. They had to over turn Roe before there was push to the left. All it took to push it right was a NY "billionaire" behaving like a redneck.
We have 40 years of bad economic policy from the right to unwind before things will start returning to normal.
Democrats on Sunday were celebrating retaining their majority in the Senate after Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto (D-Nev.) was projected to win reelection, even as control of the House remained undetermined. Her victory secured the 50th Senate seat for Democrats and quashed Republicans’ hopes of taking control of both chambers of Congress, as many had predicted in the weeks leading up to Election Day.
“When far-right Republicans said they knew better, I knew we would prove them wrong,” Cortez Masto said in a victory speech Sunday. “This election, Nevadans rejected the far-right politicians working to divide us. We rejected their conspiracies, their attacks on our workers, and their efforts to restrict our freedoms.
The developments have prompted some frustrated Republicans to call on Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) to clearly lay out a Republican agenda and to delay their leadership elections that are scheduled for Wednesday.
”With the Senate runoff in Georgia next month between Sen. Raphael G. Warnock (D) and Republican Herschel Walker, Democrats have a chance to pick up a 51st seat, a stunning feat in a midterm election year that typically does not favor the party in power.
If Democrats win a 51st Senate seat, Senate Majority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) would be able to bypass a power-sharing resolution with Republicans, in place because of the 50-50 Senate, and more easily confirm President Biden’s judicial nominees.
Schumer on Saturday night called the results a “vindication” for the Democratic agenda and a rejection of Republican extremism. On Sunday, he called on Republican lawmakers to work with Democrats but declined to get into specifics about what they would try to accomplish. He said Democrats would try to have “as productive a lame-duck session as possible.”.