Early in the war, I read an article by a NATO anylist who specialized on Russia. In the article, he explained that Putin could lose 1 million Russiin soldiers before the war became a political issue for him at home.
having similar views and starting a war are two different things, also even if his views aling almost perfect with Vladimir if someone that is not Putin get the office he will consider this one the reason of the fall of the previous government and pull out or actually start ceasefire and peacetalk to limit the backslash from the country.
If you mentioned that the US didn’t claim parts of Iraq as it’s own territory - they would probably say that really they did, the leaders are all working for the US behind the scenes… same thing anyway.
You can’t force everyone in all countries to think like you and share your views. If he brought real democracy, meritocracy, and respect for national and international law, that would already be a lot.
I’ve also heard them say the real decisions are made behind the scenes in secret, negotiations between real world powers like US and Russia. We don’t really have any idea what is really going on.
Saying your votes don't matter is just incorrect. I'm aware the ramifications of the Electoral College, 2 party system, etc. But your vote does help elect a President, Senators, Representative, state representative and/or senator, county board, alderman... If the person you voted for doesn't win, that doesn't mean you didn't have any power.
Or “sphere of influence” really. Also their country hadn’t been doing so great. But seizing Crimea worked out really well for Putin’s popularity. Time to try again and get a reboost, only really big this time. Putin will be a legend. He also studied up on a bunch of Russian empire historic stuff and has been cherry picking stuff from history that fits, conveniently leaving out the parts that don’t help.
I’m pretty sure Russian leadership doesn’t really think NATO wants to attack Russia. But it’s convenient to push that idea.