In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
After reading about the atrocities these people have committed, I stand by my belief that they all deserve the death penalty. Botched or not, it is a better fate than their victims received.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
Sadly, I had a family member die of a fentanyl overdose. However, it was a pretty instant death, the needle was still in his arm. Why isn’t that used? Why is this so hard to get right?
Ya! Especially all of the innocent people the U.S has put to death over the last 250 years. I'd they didn't want to die an excruciating death, they should have just not been railroaded by a broken judicial system known for false convictions.
Edit to share: 190 death row inmates have been exonerated since 1970. At least 20 people have been executed with a high likelihood they were innocent. That alone should be reason enough to do away with the death penalty.
I guess that means they are all innocent in your mind then? Pretty sure the families of the victims in a vast majority of those cases would whole heartedly disagree.
The state executing one innocent person should be enough to say no more executions. Life in prison without parole is a better option, and it's actually less expensive in the long run.
Innocent people shouldn’t be spending their lives in jail either. The fact that innocent people are getting convicted is a completely different problem than the punishment that is handed out. I think the issue that needs to be addressed is how are innocent people being convicted in the first place.