In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Republicans control 14/15 poorest states (all except New Mexico) and Democrats control 14/15 richest (all except Utah).
Republican controlled state since 2000. These people can’t even take care of their own houses what would make people think their policies would be good for an entire country?
If Republicans have any grand plans for the national economy they should probably let their state governors know first. The UN has openly said that parts of Alabama resemble the developing world, which is shocking since they are in the richest country in world history.
Also if you look up the states most dependent on federal funding (meaning funding received compared to taxes paid) the top 10 is DOMINATED by Republican states. The reddest of the red too…Mississippi, Alabama, Montana, Louisiana, Alaska, Idaho all in the top 10. Funny to me that the people who hate government assistance the most rely on it the most.
Oh I know, I work for the feds all over the rural South. People in cities have no conception of how much of their tax dollars are spent on people who “hate welfare queens” and “socialism” in the middle of nowhere.
One of my projects in KY (home of famously anti-government spending Mitch McConnell) equates to $23,000 per resident. And that’s not including all the food stamps, Medicaid, welfare etc they get.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
And to be clear I’ve no problem with poor people getting the assistance they need. But these people are incredibly vitriolic to poor urban folk getting any assistance whatsoever while feeling it’s different for their neighbors because “we deserve it”.