In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The news reports reflect that at some point his grandmother had called 911 because the individual was threatening her with a homemade bomb. Presumably the police came out and made an arrest. It seems like the attacker was a juvenile at the time although that's not really clear from the news reports.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I don't actually know that much about his family's history but it seems like his family is likely well off. Income is actually more important than race in this regard to some extent.
When an upper middle class family has a problem like this, the first thing they do is they hire a lawyer. This is at least a couple thousand same day payment, maybe significantly more depending on how bad the facts sound. So somebody has to have cash sitting in there checking account or savings account to swipe a card or write a check that day.
A business day or two later before the formal criminal charge is even filed, the family and the lawyer meet with the prosecutor's office and presents him with a plan.
The lawyer immediately goes to the police station or the juvenile detention center and tells the person not to speak to the police and tells the police that no questioning is to occur without the lawyer present. Then the lawyer meets with the family and they all get on the same page with a uniform story. This is a "troubled child," this is a difficult time for the family and they will do whatever they need to get their son help. The express goal is to avoid their son getting charged or going to jail because that's something that happens to "bad people.".
The 911 call gets made and their 17 year old son gets arrested. They tell the police on scene that their son is clearly dealing with some mental health problems and needs help. Their son gets arrested and taken to jail/Juvie. They call a lawyer and find out that they need $3,000 today and let it drop, because who has that kind of money?
Because this is an upper middle class family that is responsible and presents a compelling picture, the prosecutor is far more inclined to believe them. He's got a victim that is asking him not to file charges and a plan to fix the problem and He won't question too hard when the family says the child is "troubled" (as opposed to being a criminal) and agree that if the plan is followed they won't file charges. The file goes to the bottom of the stack and only gets pulled out if the kid gets arrested again.
They tell the prosecutor that they obviously now recognize that they have a child with some serious problems and here is their plan to put the child in psychiatric treatment for 6 months and ensure that he's monitored and everyone is safe etc. They tell the prosecutor that they understand how serious it is but that the family is handling it and beg him not to file charges, because they're going to get their son to help he needs.
Dad is an on-again off-again construction worker with some criminal history or a drug problem and Mom is a retail store worker. They don't have any extended family with money and barely make ends meet.
They show up to court two or three days later and tell the judge that their son clearly needs help. The judge will appoint the public defender and tell the family that their son committed a very serious crime and there's a chance he could go to prison.
The public defender is probably a decent or even pretty good lawyer. But he or she has 27 other cases that day. So he's going to read the court documents does it say the kid is charged with terroristic threatening and possessing an explosive device and then talk to the kid and ask him what happened. And he's going to form the conclusion that the kid is guilty.
He's going to tell the family and the kid that the best chance is to try to negotiate a plea for minimal punishment and commitment to a inpatient psychiatric facility. They'll say that sucks, but it makes sense, I mean, he did do it right? And he's going to go and talk to the prosecutor. They'll haggle and the public defender will come back and say hey I got you a pretty good deal, you'll do at least 30 days in Juvenile detention but after that you can get out once there's a bed in a residential facility available. Then you'll go there, and you'll probably stay there for 6 months. But you're going to be on probation for 5 years, and if you violate the probation you'll probably go to jail.
The public defender and prosecutor will announce the deal to the court and the judge will say "gee, that's a pretty light deal, you know you're really lucky you're not getting a lot more time?".
And the family will feel like they got an OK deal. But the 17 year old is on probation now and stands a decent chance of having continuing problems with the justice system, and oh by the way there's fines and court costs that will be a burden on the family. AND he gets caught in the net of the red flag laws.