The Palestinians who don't have Israeli citizenship go figure aren't Israelis. That doesn't make Israel's actions good, but it sure as shit doesn't make it Apartheid either.
This allowed the apartheid government to claim many African South Africans were not, in fact, citizens.
Many black citizens were stripped of south african citizenshio during apartheid, with their citizenships transferred to non internstionally recognised 'Bantustans' in formerly South African areas. This was done through the Bantu Homelands Citizenship Act of 1970.
Interestingly enough, Jordan literally stripped them of citizenship, and has had some of the largest Palestinian refugee camps around for decades, and yet I've never heard anyone accuse them of apartheid..
Israel didn't strip the Palestinians of citizenship (though I believe they just passed a law allowing them to do so for families of attackers which is an unsettling development).
The official definition for Apartheid doesn't include anything about a requirement of people having to be from the same nation. In fact nationality is listed amongst the possible reasons for discrimination.
The definition of the people targeted mentions "racial group". Which at first sounds like race only, but if you look online for definitions in regards to law it'll tell you this instead:
This comes from British law and is also used in international law as far as I'm aware. i.e. the definition for racial discrimination uses this definition.
Though what's important to note is that outside of laws you can create a lot of discrimination without having to outright state it.
So right from the start, it's very clear that intention matters. The following acts are all to be understood within the context of this definition. So while Israel certainly is guilty of several of the aforementioned policies and practices, their purpose is vitally important in deciding whether or not they constitute a crime of apartheid.
Even if we take that to be valid in reference to the UN convention, the argument falls flat on its face when you realize that Israeli citizens of Palestinian origin do not face the same treatment as non-citizens. Nor do Palestinian residents in Jerusalem, who actually have municipal voting rights, and are for all intents and purposes treated similarly to non-citizen residents in any other country. If Israel's goal was to "establish and maintain domination" of Jews over Palestinians, they wouldn't have a full 20% of their population be of Arab descent. Nor would they have Arabs and Palestinian supporters within their government. Yet both those are true.
I'm not going to argue that Israel treats Palestinians decently or that they don't oppress them. But I am going to argue that Apartheid is a very strong term that should not be bandied about so carelessly to any nation that happens to be viewed as an oppressor. Especially not when there are other nations far more deserving of the accusation that somehow don't have the UN and the western world's attention in that regard.
With that in mind, it's quite clear that the deciding factor in Israel's treatment is not national origin but actually current national residence. The specific nation in question being one that is at least on paper at war with Israel, and is currently under military occupation and frequently belligerent (and in fact quite literally became a nation while already under said occupation).
Israel specifically stated that they want to maintain a Jewish majority. It was one of the points raised against accepting Palestinian refugees as there would be too many of Arab descent in Israel.
And look at West Bank. From water supply, to road access, to economic restrictions, to building permits, etc. The oppression people are facing there is huge! Not to mention the discrimination in the judicial system.
As for apartheid being a too strong a word for the situation in Israel? Desmond Tutu lived under the Apartheid of South Afrika and was one of the most prominent activists against Apartheid. He even got a Nobel Peace Price for his efforts. If someone who suffered under Apartheid and fought against it says what's happening in Israel is Apartheid, then I don't see why I can't say the same.