People are disposable in russia. It's been that way since the tzars and especially under stallin. Putin is the new Stalin, Inc psychotic also. He's throwing untrained, unarmed, poorly equipped troops in the meat grinder, hopping they will eventually kill off enough of the enemy or running them out of munitions so they surrender The problem is his population is more educated than ww2 soldiers and don't want to die for him or the country in a sham war he created. Pootin is the one running out of equipment and munitions. He is also running out of money. All the pay for wounded or killed soldiers is gone. Active soldiers are not getting their pay checks. Sign up bonuses gone. The foreigners that they hired are not being paid and made to sign up when their contract is done, no ifs, ands or buts, no way to leave. Putin has placed higher income tax on Russians working in other countries outside of Belarus and those that fled as if they're still paying income tax to russia. I saw rumors that ukraine was making foreigners sign up again, no ifs, ands, or buts, but I think it was disinformation, nothing recently. Since Russia is in violation of the u.n. agreement on war crimes by attacking the ukraines' infrastructure for many months, the Ukrainians should request a moratorium on that law. Broadcast to Russian civilians for a month that if putin doesn't stop attacking ukraines infrastructure that around 2/1 expect lights out, no water, no heat. See where that goes. Also, in response to putins demands, not negotiating, negotiating, that if Russian, with draws to its 1990s border, disarms totally including nukes. They will agree on a peace deal!
there are minor moves by Russia to move away from these regions being part of Russia. at this point the goal of Russia is to keep the landbridge with Crimea and that is it.
Russian news: Train carrying Ukrainian Satan-Nazis destroyed in precision strikes. We're especially satisfied with the number of children de-nazified. They are a particularly dangerous threat. Because due to their size. They can Nazify much smaller spaces than the average adult.