In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I think it is a narrative that is actively pushed in Red states, because the way they have their states Gerrymandered, a swarm of empowered young voters could bounce them out of their legislatures and the US House.
Apparently some right wingers didn't vote because they think the voting is rigged and have therefore made the logical choice to not waste their time. They are hilarious.
This. This should be the strategy moving forward. Repubs have gerrymandered the country to the limit. If you can peel off even 5% of their voters by using their own idiotic perspectives against them, a lot of these races look very different. I tell every regressive I meet two things - one, millionaires and billionaires don't have our interests at heart and two, they already know who is going to win anyway. I'm not wasting my time voting when I could be working when I know they're going to rig the election anyway.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
They eat that shit up. I conservatively estimate that I've gotten 5-10 people not to vote by having that conversation.
What's funny is I hit on the strategy by accident. I'm in sales and work in a very purple state. Basically, it started as a way to make regressives not think I was a communist groomer in drag so they'd still give me money. As time went on, I started leaning into it and now it's a whole conversation about how terrible all of the old guard politicians are regardless of party. How they're all scumbags. If they ask me about trump, I tell them I think he's a piece of shit "but what politicians aren't?" I don't particularly like biden anyway so it's not even like I have to lie to them when I badmouth him. It all culminates in them thinking I'm one of them and they wind up trusting me. I'll take a superficial regressive over a well educated progressive all day when it comes to doing business. They're just so easy to manipulate. They're just lucky that even if they don't take their best interests to heart, I still do but I could totally exploit these people.