In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
I said the same, less eloquently to a Maga guy in a Reddit back and forth, and he didn’t take issue with me repeatedly saying “your idea are unpopular and based on hate.”.
The GOP have plugged in and amped up hatred and crazy so much that conservatives that have a good head on their shoulders don’t know which way is up anymore. I am on a business trip and I brought up the HBO show last of us to the guy I was traveling with, and he told me he is huge fan of the game and loved what they are doing on the show. Then he just volunteered that he hated that they always had to shove the gay stuff down our throats. This dude is a huge fan of the game right? It’s big part of the game and not just for the characters he was referring to. Why would the show bother him? I think Christian religions are desperate to stop what must be a mass exodus. I think this doubling down harder than ever on gay issues is to ensure who they already have and future converts will be more indoctrinated with fear and hatred than ever before because if they don’t they lose it all. That core group that is too scared to question needs to be much bigger. They need teachers that are so pious they would turn in their students for their future sins. They need normal dudes on business trips to hate something that had nothing but love in the telling of it. They need fascism to keep what power they have left. They have no other ideas but hate. And all it is is theater for these assholes.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I would end up having to quit my job because i would never out a minor. I grew up in a Mormon family that was very transphopic and anti gay i saw first hand how cruel and mean families can be.
Very true, but that world gets used so often, it’s good to have it spelled now and again, for all sides of the argument.