In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Your headline must be comprised only of the exact copied and pasted headline of the article - ) We recommend not using the Reddit 'suggest a title' as it may not give the exact title of the article.
The ALL CAPS and 'Breaking' rule is applied even when the actual title of the article is in all caps or contains the word 'Breaking'. This rule may be applied to other single word declarative and/or sensational expressions, such as 'EXCLUSIVE:' or 'HOT:'.
“Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.” – George Santayana, The Life of Reason, 1905. From the series Great Ideas of Western Man.
Hi XulJazz. Thank you for participating in /r/Politics. However, has been removed for the following reason(s):
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
He is correct and the time is coming when we will have to pick up arms and defend the American Experiment or suffer its loss. Many long years ago, I took an oath to protect and defend the Constitution of this great nation. I have never set it aside. And I never will.
Yes, hard times certainly did play a great part in the rise of the Nazis. Along with a lingering dissatisfaction with the political elites regarding the end of WWI. Many average Germans felt they had been "sold out" by their government and were looking for leadership that would restore a sense of German pride and honor (Make America Great Again, anyone?).
A tremendous evil has been unleashed upon this land and it will not go down quietly. That is the gist of what Clyburn is saying.
I do not mind that Congressman Clyburn has reminded us just what is at stake here by making reference to the manner in which the Nazis took over Germany and the catastrophe that ensued for the rest of the world. I also see the parallels and grow more and more concerned.
Also didnt the rise of the Nazi party have to do with the poor economy in Germany at that time? People cared more about the economy at the expense of democracy.