In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
The title conveniently leaves out that the response is sanctions in an effort to drum up fear and clicks.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
In this timeline? WW3 would just be another Monday. More war, more threats of nukes, absolutely nothing happens other than senseless death from both sides.
>Biden insisted that the U.S. "would respond" and referred to sanctions other countries have received after supporting Russia.
Sanctions could work but they would have to be catastrophic for both sides to have a chance. Haven't seen evidence of any willingness to do that.
I certainly agree it's very grim. But went them is China taunting the world so much with regular threats to start one over the smallest grievances. But also ale they continue to take over island and attack other countries with lasers, chaff, soldiers with bats. They seem to have a hard on for world war 3.
I certainly agree it's very grim. But went them is China taunting the world so much with regular threats to start one over the smallest grievances. But also ale they continue to take over island and attack other countries with lasers, chaff, soldiers with bats. They seem to have a hard on for world war 3.
Sanctions could work but they would have to be catastrophic for both sides to have a chance. Haven't seen evidence of any willingness to do that.
Doesn't work if the choice is a country dominating the world one nation at a time with the threat of nuclear war if anyone intervenes.
At the end of the day, even the US simply surrendering to Russia or China to avoid the end of human civilisation would also be the right way to go then?