EDIT: That’s all the time we have for our AMA Thank you everyone for submitting such great questions, Gilles had a lot of fun answering them Sorry for not being able to get to them all. But stay tuned for more AMAs, and if you want to read more of Gilles’ work head to . Thanks for being so welcoming in this sub, and we’re excited to discuss more with you!
My name is Gilles Paris, and I'm a journalist who spent seven years in Washinon D.C. reporting on American politics as the White House correspondent for France's leading newspaper Le Monde. I had the task of explaining to French readers, who still consider themselves very rational, how the United States could have elected Donald Trump as president after Barack Obama. This was no mean feat, even with a White House accreditation, especially during the pandemic. I also took advantage of my seven years to travel to 47 states (still missing: Hawaii, Alaska, and Maine) and fall in love with the R.V. way of life!
Your last paragraph has a lot of insight into the issue. Unfortunately a significant percentage of our population either is untrusting of our police (at all levels) or outright fear them. This leads to a fear of crime which has been harnessed to sell weapons in the name of self defense.
AMA about how the French/Europeans view American politics and what they think about the midterm election results!
Recently, for the 2022 midterms elections, I also wrote a column in English about how the French view the American electoral system, discussing the craze for gerrymandering, voter fraud, the rise of violence as a political tool, and more.
Which major and controversial political debate in the US (such as gun rights, LGBTQ rights, abortion, police reform etc) is the most foreign to folks in France, something that's difficult to wrap their heads around? Which is the most familiar?
I can answer this from The Netherlands. We get quite a bit news coverage on American national politics. Not so much on state politics.
Undoubtedly gun rights and the fight around it is impossible to grasp for French people. The claim that more guns bring more safety defies their sense of rationality. After the tragic event in Chesapeake today, I saw statistics pointing out that the United States has already witnessed more than 620 mass shootings since the beginning of the year, compared to zero in France. What is even more troubling is the type of weapons used in those mass shootings, which are models we can almost use in Ukraine today: the AR-15, the high-capacity magazines… When I was driving in the United States, I was determined not to enter into any arguments in the case of a minor collision (which never happened), because I felt something totally unexpected could happen.
I think part of the French reaction is also connected with the strong feeling that the French police have a monopoly on public order, as well as the use of “legitimate violence”. Even in a context where tensions between the police and the citizens are high, protestors are not supposed to be legally armed.
The massive turnout despite the pandemic was seen at first as a sign of a vibrant democracy. The contestation of the outcome was expected, as Donald Trump had been talking about a rigged election for months, even if the Republicans’ strong showing in the races for the House invalidated his conspiracy theory. Donald Trump’s supporters had plenty of time and opportunities to make their case, without any evidence, and it led nowhere. What was not expected was the determination of the election deniers, not to mention the attack on Capitol which was in fact a coup attempt, plain and simple.
It’s huge, we are all children of The West Wing and House of Cards (by the way, the West Wing’s replica of the White House press room is almost a disaster). Interest is also huge. For years politics and policies were very different in Washinon and in Paris. It gradually changed with the same concerns about the impact of globalization for the middle class and blue-collar workers. Brexit and the election of Donald Trump were in part fueled by the same feelings of social and cultural anxiety. The fact that the two countries moved closer together in this way only increases the curiosity and familiarity with American politics.
The mid term elections for example had daily coverage, and it is simple explained to us what different outcomes means for your politics. Both in senate and the house.
In my humble point of view I think your media is too commercial oriented. Feels like it's all about money, and not just reporting.
Size matters. France is a very centralized country due to its history… and also because it is smaller than Texas! American federalism was born with the country and the French people who may have heard about the seminal books written by Alexis de Tocqueville in the XIX century get that. What puzzles them is that federalism seems nowadays to fuel the divisions inside the United States. The new limitations on abortion since the Dobbs decision, with conservative states going in one direction and progressive states the opposite is seen in France as a breach in the principle of equity. There is a French passion for equity, equality, Égalité, much less for the two other words of our national motto, freedom, Liberté, and brotherhood, Fraternité. It’s all the same for taxation, gun laws, or the way you can express your vote on Election Day.
We have to remember that Marine Le Pen unsuccessfully tried to meet with Donald Trump after his election in 2016. She even traveled to New York in vain before he entered the White House. She had never been invited to CPAC conferences unlike her niece, Marion Maréchal, who was seen as a rising star by some American conservatives. The fact is, Marine Le Pen embodies a very French conception of far-right politics, in which the state keeps a central role. During her last presidential campaign, she blended nationalism with purchasing power concerns, a mix which was labeled as national-consumerism by some French pundits. She also tilted to more progressive positions when it comes to abortion or LGBTQ issues, a clear break with her father (who founded the contemporary French far right in the seventies). The American right’s traditional messages on taxes, religious freedom or guns has no echo in the French far-right.
You may know that French elections have expense ceilings, which are very low compared to a regular election in Pennsylvania for a seat in the US Senate. It’s around $25 million for a presidential election (four times less than John Fetterman’s victory, or “Dr Oz’s” defeat!) I think it could be a good starting point. American politicians would spend less time fundraising, and voters would be spared tons of negative messages.
I think that the answer is yes, but French people are still wondering how the same country could elect and re-elect Barack Obama and then put Donald Trump in the White House. American democracy was also seen as rock-solid before this unconventional mandate, which is not the case anymore (French people don’t consider their democracy to be stable anymore either, by the way).
To be honest with you, I’m still quite impressed by the tenacity of mainstream media to ask, again and again, the same question when they think that the response does not reflect reality or the truth.To my deep disappointment, an enduring feeling of deference often constrains the French media, which can be again explained by the central place of the state in our society and also by the roots of French journalism which were very similar to what happened in the United States during the Gilded Age.
With all due respect, the American health system is an endless source of discomfort for Europeans. Our own systems are also exhausted and don’t have enough funding, but they are still fairer and more efficient. But there is still a gap between our two continents when it comes to personal responsibility and what we expect from state institutions.
The French system cannot be duplicated because we usually vote just for one position (or for a list of candidates for municipalities). The count is swift and easy, and again, size matters.
I know, I know (for Maine). I was guilty of considering it as a kind of Brittany, but with bigger lobsters. I promise I will reconsider.
I suppose you were mentioning the changes brought by Joe Biden? The main one is that American politics is back to being more predictable, especially when it comes to foreign policy which can directly affect the French authorities and the French people. That’s why they pay attention. What Washinon would have done in Ukraine if Donald Trump had been reelected or reinstalled after January 6 is a big and uncomfortable question mark.