In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
Not if you express it with nuance instead of flatly implying the shit CNN / MSNBC omits or misleads about is even in the same galaxy as the insane absolute brain drain shit going on at Fox.
Downplaying an attempt to thwart the transfer of power and continuing to support and provide cover for the individuals who did it, the congress members who furthered it and the former president who’s will it was is a pretty massive distinction. As is getting millions to become vaccine conspiracists during a pandemic. Reducing it all to “both support corporate rule and are against workers” is the exact sort of simplification I was talking about, can’t even begin to catalogue the mountain of shit that ignores.
I don’t disagree that corporate media is a class apparatus no matter what flavor it comes in, my point was your initial post reduces it to “they all do this” in a topic that is unique to fox and also ignores the magnitudes of greater domestic damage Fox does. You aren’t going to get people calling in bomb threats to children’s hospitals from CNN coverage.
Msnbc and CNN support undemocratic transfers of power to fascists all the time. They just support them in foreign countries. They also provide cover for the government that let a million people die from covid. At first, they rightfully put the blame on Trump, but once Biden was in power, all of a sudden there was nothing anyone could do.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I would say it's the same galaxy. All three of them are pro capitalist and anti worker. They're different shades of right wing but they're still right wing.