In a sense, it really is the same government. The first prime minister of modern Japan was one of the top guys in the imperial government, for a while he was in charge of Manchuria where some of Japan's worst crimes against humanity took place. He also formulated the plan to use civilians in Manchuria as slave labour to drive Japan's wartime industrial base. He staffed his government with a lot of convicted war criminals who were also higher up in the old government, who his administration let out of prison early.
His grandsons were Minister of defence and former prime Minister Abe respectively, both of whom (as well as a lot of LDP members) were (and still are) also involved with Nippon kaigi, which is a revisionist society whose goal is to rewrite Japan's wartime history to deny the extent of Japanese war atrocities.
The one that is whitewashing its WW2 criminal legacy with historical revisionism in school textbooks?
So yeah, it's not a Germany situation where the new guy in charge was anti-Nazi. This is more like if Heinrich Himmler and a bunch of Nazi government officials were put in charge of Germany afterwards but they agreed not to do any more genocide and the US got really close to them due to the occupation and the desire to contain the spread of communism. The main point is that now they can be expected to uphold the existing rules-based order, which is the real reason the US and most other countries don't really mind.
The one with essentially a one party democracy? - that happens to be full of right-wing politicians and maintains that WW2 Japan was not evil?
The one that will maintain its past apologies to neighbouring victims ONLY IF they never bring up the subject again?
A stronger Japan is good against China and Russia (and North Korea), but that's it - THe Japanese government still cannot look at its former victim's eyes and work with them (a fellow liberal democracy and closest neighbour South Korea), unless the victims pretend like nothing has happened or that it was a rather good thing (Taiwan).