In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
In practical terms I am not sure how much use it will be, as I strongly suspect that the source of "tolerance misinformation" has never been from advocates and allies, but rather from those with nefarious or dishonest aims. Those types love to use faulty rhetorical arguments to try and redefine positive things as self defeating concepts, but the premises they use are absurd on their face.
People put "tolerance" on a pedestal sometimes, but tolerance has never really been the goal. Tolerance is not an inherent good, it is good because it protects people from abuse and discrimination.
what I see 'tolerance' meaning in my home city of Bradford, which is a hugely multicultural city, is to mean that people here have just about learned to live side by side with people they don't particularly like, without attacking or upsetting one another TOO much for it to become a problem.
sadly, with two major riots in the last 25 years, mostly based on racist hatred, we are a tinderbox and it often feels like the tension between all the opposing groups here is like a tangible gloomy net of hatred has been thrown over the city.
We are apparently a "successful" multicultural melting pot, but the truth is, we've just learned not to assault or kill each other quite so much, and it's hailed as a success, but make no mistake about it, racism and racist violence is rampant here, and its coming from EVERY section of the cultural pot here.
My Jewish youth group in high school sold t-shirts as a fundraiser that said "If you're neutral in situations of oppression, then you have chosen to side of the oppressor".