We should also count ammunition from Belarus, from which Russia has taken more than 20,000 tons of ammunition. We don’t know how large stocks are in Belarus, but by transferring its armored equipment and ammunition to Russia, Belarus remains a major resource.
So his skepticism is based on the fact that Belarus and North Korea could also be supplying them? Well that’s something.
I feel like the "Russia is going to run out of ammo" is all spin from media headlines. I don't think any of the military leaders/analysts of the world have said Russia will run out of ammo on any level outside of their more sophisticated stuff that require western tech. It's a big deal still but I feel like I see a lot of headlines trying to spin it as if Russia won't be able to keep firing shit at Ukraine for much longer and that probably isn't true.
No one knowledgeable is saying they will run out in the sense they have to stop fighting because they have no ammo.
Some people are saying they will become constrained in terms of what they can do, when and at what scale because they will become more reliant on new production and less able to draw down from preexisting stocks.
Hell, considering they disarmed nuke rockets/missiles to use them as conventional weapons it's clear the supplies are strained.
They will keep fighting as Russian history has shown that a lack of supply won't stop me. But their combat capability will be significantly lowered to a point that might as well stop.
Yeah but he also says tied to that they already have found external aid and will continue to look for it to help keep up with their military output. He doesn't say they are going to run out of stuff to shoot at Ukraine anytime soon. This is just another example of what I said in my comment, where the headlines make it seem much worse than it is.
This is really way to simple. Targeted long range munitions are important, but if you have enough shells to fire off you will eventually hit something of value. During WW1 they fired off like a billion shells in the first year alone and I'm sure you've seen the pictures of what the western front looked like during WW1. Russia may not be able to strike Kyiv accurately for much longer but they can still strike areas of logistical importance and make it hard for Ukraine to reinforce their troops.
Attacking the Ukrainian cities deep in Ukraine were mostly for morale purposes. These were operations to continue to try and get people living in Ukraine to leave. Regular less accurate artillery has been vital to the Russians ability to strike Ukrainian front line positions since the beginning of the war.
As it is now Russia appears to have everything they need to drag out this conflict as long as possible. They are very skilled at creating unending conflict.