Now everyone knows our maneuverability, reaction times, where the jets come from… essentially we’ve exposed our playbook on this, and our military said they are adjusting radar scans to look for objects like this in that level of the atmosphere. ADJUSTING IT? So we’ve not previously done this? Once again, our ability to either be proactive or reactive is a cluster. We can’t get either right. Their reactions are purely attempts to look like they are handling a situation but actually just reiterate there is no plan, no value added follow up to the media and thus the Biden administrations policy of “transparency” with the public has back fired time and time again and led to even more speculation. There are some things they should just keep their mouths shut on. When they do share, we did get a spot on fact. Great Oh but wait, they are just telling us the first shot was a miss. Our brand new multi million dollar F-22 jet (might have missed that name), MISSED the first shot. So to dumb that down, we couldn’t hit the broad side of a fucking barn and we shared that with the world, basically just said to the nefarious ones, you have a 50/50 chance to do something. I’d take those odds and then some in Vegas so why wouldn’t China, Russia, a terrorist or just a “Bob or Sam” give it a try to cause panic. Lastly, a p.s to our military- If you see red heart-shaped objects floating in the sky today, those are not a threat. I repeat, those are not a threat. Someone’s Valentine’s Day gift got away from them at Dollar Tree. While my unprofessional, unscientific opinion on this is heavily skewed by Hallmark, it’s better intelligence than what our greatest governmental minds have been able to come up with.
It's really strange how the right is completely split on the balloons, half view it as confirmation that we really are under attack (true in a sense) while the other half are denying it and think it's something related to project bluebeam (a conspiracy theory about aliens). It's incredibly dumb and is why the American right cannot win because they can't even agree if Chinese balloons are real or that China is a threat.