In general, be courteous to others. Debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas, don't attack people. Personal insults, shill or troll accusations, hate speech, any suggestion or support of harm, violence, or death, and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.
For those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit, please click to review our details as to our approved domains list and outlet criteria.
“Newbold alleged that 25 individuals were given clearances or access to national security information since 2018 despite concerns about ties to foreign influence, conflicts of interests, questionable or criminal conduct, financial problems, or drug abuse.
That group includes “two current senior White House officials,” according to documents released by the House Oversight Committee.”.
I figure if Jared is the foreign influence denial than Ivanka is probably the drug use. Not an official account but Apprentice production manager for Ivanka, Noel Casler, said she used back in the day on Twitter.
I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please if you have any questions or concerns.
I dont think we’ll ever know. Breathing to him is transactional. I know after the shock of winning wore off he immediately began casting about for what he could use, sell and blackmail. The IC said Jared asked for more information than any individual in the WH before or since.
I don’t think you read the rest of my post. Noel Casler, a former “talent wrangler” for Ivanka on “the Apprentice” confirmed she used on his Twitter account. The Trumps have yet to contradict him and he always tags those he is talking about in his tweets. Give him a follow @Caslernoel.
It would not surprise me to hear the reason why they know he has them is that they found them floating around various foreign communication networks. Or at least that evidence the information in them was known. A large number of intelligence assets in nonaligned countries have been disappearing, having strange accidents, etc. Too many for random chance or sloppy work.
He also advised Bolsonaro on how to 'handle' COVID in March 2020. Advice which Bolsonaro apparently took to heart. His staff returned from Mar-a-Lago to Brazil with free COVID infections.
This was directly on the heels of his bright idea to announce he had invited the Taliban to Camp David, btw.