It was probably inevitable that Russian troops eventually learn from their mistakes and change their doctrine to reflect reality. For me the worry is that the "smart survivors" will pass on their experience to a large amount of mobilized troops that may overwhelm Ukraine eventually just because of the sheer numbers they could muster. But that's still far in the future, if at all. And so far, it seems that for the time being, no large-scale mobilization, part 2 is going on.
Ukraine must do what it has done largely well so far: Be creative and outsmart Russian strategy, and I hope the western tanks and IFVs arriving soon will have an actual impact!
Probably the best Ukraine can currently hope for is what another user pointed out: Russia declaring a "Mission kill-only-the-Ukrainian-Nazis accomplished", allowing either for their retreat or easier recapture by Ukrainian troops while the Russian population doesn't make a fuzz about it all being for nothing.
We shouldn't be trading so much as a nail with that Russia, even humanitarian items like medical supplies can have a significant positive effect on thier war effort. Stop all trade, sanction any country that continues to do so.
Also, why do we continue to drip feeding weapon supplies? We are supplying just enough to keep Ukraine in the war but not enough to create the mass casualties that might persuade Russian troops to revolt.
We are about to enter the second year of a war that could have been over 6 months ago if the west had been more decisive. That indecision has cost a lot of lives and a lot of long term damage to the global economy, we need to change tack and make sure Russia is defeated as quickly as possible.
You drip feed weapons and equipment because if you simply flood them with massive shipments of complex weapons and equipment you’ll overwhelm their supply lines.
Say you got 100 T-72’s currently in service, and 100 tank crews. Then you get a shipment of 100 leopard 2’s all at once. Congratulations you have 200 tanks and 100 crews. You aren’t going to just stop using T-72’s, in practical terms one tank is as good as any other. So you’ll have a large quantity of tanks sitting around for a while while people are training to use them, that is inefficient. Much better to trickle this stuff in.